Diagnosis
Hey all. I’m new to Reddit and was tired of just lurking. Thought I would make a post. 
I am 27 years old/ female/ 
       and earlier this year my grandma died suddenly and caused me a lot of depression.  The way she died was very sad to me. She had a stroke while cooking food on the stove and collapsed. No one heard from her in a day so my dad went up there. The place was about ready to catch on fire and it’s a miracle it didn’t. Her pot of water had boiled to nothing and was smoking the place up. She died 2 weeks later in the hospital. Thinking about her laying here on the floor for hours all alone needing help broke my heart. 

      Then only 2 months after her death while I was still trying to cope with it all I started having bad chest pain, exhaustion, and dizziness. I went to the ER on Easter weekend and found out I have Heart Failure (stage 3/4) 

                 I got to a cardiologist ASAP and after tons of tests they found out I have a rare heart disease called “left ventricular non compact cardiomyopathy”. I also have mitral valve regurgitation.  My heart is severely enlarged and weak/sick. 

             Since my diagnosis things have drastically taken a turn for the worst in my life. I had to have surgery just months after my diagnosis to get an S-ICD defibrillator put inside me because I’m at risk of sudden cardiac death, and the meds haven’t raised my heart pumping function. I’m still under 20%. The ICD surgery was horrible and I had to see a therapist for weeks afterwards due to having extreme anxiety/medical anxiety after I got released from the hospital. There’s a thing inside my body. An electronic device to shock me has been sewn into my body. It was a weird thing to wrap my head around. Months later it’s still painful and the massive scar stings from time to time. They cut my nerves and muscle to make a “pocket” to place it in. I have no feeling anymore in my upper left side. 

I lost my job due to not being able to physically do it anymore with the symptoms of heart failure wearing me out. I’m on disability now and I’ve taken a massive decrease in money so I’m not able to pay my bills anymore. We are always broke. My husband works, but I only get one 600$ payment a month. We’ve had to cut things we enjoyed out of our lives to afford basic necessities. 

   I live in a tiny dinky town so we have to travel 3 Hours to the heart hospital and 3 hours back when I have appointments. 
I have been put on a strict diet to lose weight because I have to get a heart transplant. 

Basically, I’m just really depressed now. I was already sad because of my grandma and then boom, out of no where this life changing diagnosis. I loved my job and now that I’m on disability I just sit here at home with no human contact (also due to covid because it could be very bad if I got covid so I’ve been quarantined) I can’t do much because I get fatigued very quickly from lack of oxygenated blood flowing to my organs. I always have brain fog and always feel sickly. 

I think the worst part of it all is that I am absolutely terrified of getting a transplant. I know it’s the one thing that will save my life but the whole procedure and life afterwards is tough. It’s going to be a massive battle and I am already so exhausted. I’m in this phase where I am so god damn tired of being “sick and tired” I want to feel good, but I’m not really sure how “good” feels anymore. Lately, I have lost blood circulation in my extremities and it causes discomfort and pain. Waking up and doing everyday things is so difficult with a severe illness. I feel every day like I’m on deaths door. 

I guess I just wanted a place to vent. Thanks for letting me do that. My family is supportive but they just don’t understand. And when I explain it, they get sad, so I don’t talk about what I’m going through. They all tell me “Just live your life!!! Keep going and stop focusing on your symptoms” how can I do that when some days I’m so ill I can’t get out of bed? Which causes depression and it spirals. 

I went through a mourning period after my diagnosis. I had to make someone my power of attorney at 26 years old. I started planning my funeral, just in case. 

Ill say this though... I have 2 dogs and they’re what keep me going. Gotta push myself through each day to make sure they’re fed and taken care of. They’ve been basically my therapy dogs, and help me stay strong. <3