Depression & anxiety keep making me sabotage myself. Why?
Long story short, I basically went off my meds after 17 years late last year. I thought I was better. I was also tired of feeling complacent with my sucky life, and I thought if I took away the crutch (ie, the meds keeping me from caring too much that my life sucked), it would force me into change. 

Well, six(ish) months later, I think the seratonin reserves have finally depleted back to pre-med levels and so I spend most of my time in a depressed/anxious fit now, too depressed to function and too anxious to do anything to change it.

This is a brutal, *brutal* combo. I'm not where I want to be in life, not even close. I'm in a boring, low-paying job not befitting my education (not to sound snobbish or anything, but I'm literally working in a job that doesn't require a degree at all right now--and the pay reflects that), living in a minuscule apartment I share with my mom because neither one of us can really afford to live alone, and I'm utterly miserable. So the first step: find a better job, right? Well, that's always easier said than done, especially in a terribly economically depressed area like where I live, but it's doable in theory. 

But here's the kicker: anxiety keeps me so paralyzed with fear that I can't make any move at all. The "what ifs" just eat me alive. What if I move somewhere and can't find a job? What if my mom really can't make it on her own? She has no one else to lean on, no friends, no backups, nothing. It's all me (and she gets *just* enough from social security to knock her out of any assistance programs, so that's not an option, either). What if I move somewhere and hate it? What if I don't like the job? What if I lose my job and then suddenly can't afford the apartment? Or--and this one's the scariest one--what if I move to a place I think I'll like, take a job I think I can do, and find that I'm *still* unsatisfied? What if my deepest fears about being so empty inside and so unfulfilled that not even what *should* make me happy can--what if those fears become reality?

So in order to shut the anxiety up, I just let it sabotage me. I turn down one opportunity after another. This goes for job opportunities the rare occasions I get interviews that go anywhere, opportunities to move to less crappy apartments, etc. 

So I stay stuck in my hole, and that lack of change, the familiarity in misery, lets my anxiety settle. But then here comes the depression to kick down the door and scream at me for being such an idiot. "Just suck it up!" my brain screams at me. "Suck it up and deal, because nothing is ever going to change unless you *do* something." And it's right, but...

But.

What do I do when my anxiety won't let me, and my depression tells me I can't? 

I'm going to die alone and way too young because I've decided on a slow path to suicide via poor diet. Everyone will just think, "Oh, well, heart disease. Typical fattie" instead of "Oh, wow, she was actually nuts, huh?"   
I don't *want* that, of course, but I also don't want this life I have currently, and my anxiety refuses to let up and let me do anything to actually *change* things in positive ways. So how do I break out of this?