Lost (24M)
I've reached out to my family for help with my horrific mental state and in all honesty is has gotten severely worse.

I have a big problem with trust and will never open up fully due to this and I have the ability to mask like a pro(my emotions) so my parent/s (separated) probably think that I just need financial help but before THIS particular episode ( seems to reoccur every few years) I was doing very well with a fantastic job opportunity, my living situation couldn't have been better( staying with a very supportive best friend) but alas I've spiralled back in to the bad times of mental health. 

I just dont know what to tell people anymore, I'm realllll sick of people asking me if I'm okay.... I'm clearly not, unless leaving the house on my own( I havnt in maybe 4months with 1 or 2 exceptions)  or not leaving my room for days at a time. I dont find these things concerning myself as I like the isolation because I find people exhausting both mentally and physically. 

What does help even look like anymore I've been trapped with my mental health for more than 10 years and starting to think I've had a severe misdiagnosis..

Now christmas is nearly apon us and its stressing me out, I've never really had good interactions with family in the past ( "found memories"). I have an incredible memory it turns out and I'm not prone to forgiving other past transgressions and I dont aee why I have to pretend over a silly concept as christmas( I'm not religious in the slightest) like everything is great it's honestly so exhausting.

The masks I've had to put on to keep the socially "normal" people happy are starting to weigh on me and my ability to keep it up is honestly starting to falter.

I understand that this is a process and I've goto keep fighting the good fight but with almost no one giving me effective help for almost 10 years I'm feeling helpless. What am I to even do at this point starting to feel like I'm living in a manic depressive state 24/7 .

Long post, thank you for reading. Your comments are appreciated.