My depression got worse and it will never be taken seriously by my dad
I feel so exhausted despite not doing that much and I don't know if it's because of my depression or I haven't slept that well in the past few days. Even typing this feels exhausting. 

Next few things will be TMI so just scroll or ignore it

My depression worsened to the point where I can't remember the last time I brushed my teeth, taking a shower feels like a chore and it's getting harder to clean my room unless I feel okay or have random bursts of energy. Even getting up can feel like a chore when it shouldn't. My room has gotten more messy which is embarrassing and although I do my best to clean or even start cleaning it, I always go back to square one.

I've told my dad about my depression and he knows about it but doesn't take it that serious. I've told him about me not always having the energy to clean up my room through text but he told me that I have the energy to spend time with friends and I tried explaining it to him but I got ignored and never got a response. 

Yesterday he got mad again telling me I don't listen,how I'm given an inch then I take a yard, he blames himself and the environment I'm in for the way I am and other stuff. My depression is the reason why but I couldn't use that as an excuse so I had to stay quiet while listening to him talk because he wouldn't accept it. At the end if the conversation he told me by the end of the semester, he'd be talking to me about something and doing something to my room whether I like it or not. Despite him telling me that, I already had a plan for my room but I don't wanna tell him. 

I can't tell his wife either (she's not my bio mom) because I'm an adult and what I'm going through is all in my head and or just a phase. I don't really have anyone else to go to in my house.

Even though he knows about depression and said he'd be there for me, it feels contradicting as well as a slap in the face. I don't really feel comfortable talking to him about my problems anymore cause of it. I already had several bad depressive episodes because of him. I kind of feel trapped but college and hanging out with friends help but not as much.