The higher dosage of my SSRIs are already paying off
...It's both a good and bad thing, I suppose.

Today my grandma fell around 3 AM. It woke me up. I watched how it happened through the cameras in her room (put there for her safety - she has dementia). My mom was already helping her up by the time I forced myself on my feet. For some reason I couldn't bring myself to leave my bed. I watched her struggle on the floor through the cameras and felt nothing. No panic. No pain. Has my love for her left?

My heart has become so cold. Is it the depression blocking the caring? Or is it the meds? Are the meds making me become a zombie? A mix of both?

Either way, I kinda like this state of uncaring.

At least for today, it's saving me from committing straight murder.

Later in the day, my grandmother completely forgot she fell. My mom had to remind her, because she had no idea why  the walker was right next to her bedside. It's usually leaned against a different wall in her room.

She instantly goes back to blaming my dad for eating her food (he isn't). So she tried to do her angry rant at me. I didn't listen to a single word.

'Kill her,' my mind whispered to me when she started ranting.

She's already dead. The husk shouting at me is a vessel that only resembles my grandma. The grandma I truly loved had died a long time ago, when the dementia killed her brain. I'd just be putting her vessel out of misery.

Luckily the urge was dull. It's not strong enough to act on. I'm isolating in my room again. Only this time, I'm not in full meltdown mode like before. I'm still able to be fake 'ok' around my family if they come try to talk to me.

Thank you, new meds.

I'm oddly calm through all of this thanks to them.

Now I'm just sleepy... Hopefully sleep will come quick. Gaming would usually comfort me but I don't think I can bring myself to touch a console today. I actually played on my old GBA yesterday (and enjoyed it! I was so happy yesterday! I haven't touched a game in a whole month). But happiness is fleeting. I shouldn't get used to it.