The five stages of grief are real
Denial: I'm suicidal and depressed, isn't everyone? Making suicide jokes to people is awkward? But why?


Anger: why am I so special? Why do I feel this way 24/7? I know everyone else has to feel this too? I'm not special.


Bargaining: if I work out, eat good, get good rest, it will all go away. Lost a whole person of weight, ate healthy for a whole year, got 8 hours regardless of how long I worked. My head didn't improve or feel any better at all.


Depression: nothing I do improves it, because it's difficult to do anything. It's fine if people see me a lazy, unmotivated, or a leech, as they are basically correct. My body does not act, even if my mind desperately wants to.


Acceptance: I accept I will not get better, so instead of trying, I'd rather focus on what I can do with what little time I have left.


I've been building stuff to give to friends. Not in a ditch effort to get them to like me right before I hang. Not to fish for compliments. Not as a bribe to talk good about myself post mortem. I realized that I didn't really know why. I enjoyed watching them happy for even a second. That I was able to bring a little bit of happiness to them just in that moment. The objects mean nothing themselves. If they want to throw them in a fire, I'm not affected by it, because it is theirs to do as they wish. The only thing that mattered was that period of receiving it. Watching their worries go away for even a second made me glad I did. I don't want anyone to go through the same thing. Not because I'm self righteous or anything, I just know how much it hurts. I'm not a good person and I'll never claim to be. But I wish I was. I see myself and see a spoiled, egotistical piece of shit that doesn't deserve the good friends I've had. But I'm glad I met all of you. Don't blame God, don't blame others around me, don't blame yourselves. I truly love you all. You're all such good people with large hearts and the ability to follow through. Never stop