Being depressed and being there for a partner who is also depressed.
I'm currently coming through a long period of depression after the death of my mother.. My mom passed from stage 4 cancer and my life was immediately shattered. Nothing felt real. I powered through to until the funeral. I had people tell me "you're now a man" ( Not the words I wanted to hear, but that's beside the point ).

Fast forward a couple months I was feeling hopeless and very very pessimistic about life. I was dubious about the possibility of being depressed, but I definitely felt signs for a looong while. I felt like it came to a head after my mom's passing and fast forwarding a bit, I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression. I was later out on Zoloft which didn't help for the first couple months, I had some episodes in between of just crying every morning and night. But now I'm feeling better and to take steps to acknowledging my grief and depression and practicing self-care. 

But at the same time, I'm noticing my gf's showing signs of depression. She hates her job, has cried for multiple nights, and doesn't talk about how she's feeling. I notice she has these certain distortions of the world around her, and that no one cares for her. That she's a huge disappointment. She feels like she's doing nothing with herself. I find that she goes into the bathroom to cry, but then would try to act like things are okay with her family. I see it as depression and I could relate to ALL of the feelings she's having. 

I say all this to say that, while I'm grieving and going through my depression I'm also fortunate enough to see counselors. And it gives me an outside view looking in at not only my depression and how it distorts my reality but how here also distorts her own. I also thought no one loved me, I also felt alone surrounded by a house of 7 people, I also felt hopeless. But from the inside, in the cloud of your depression you're literally blinded to some of those outside things, and your mind continues to play tricks on you and tell you you're not enough and you'll never amount to anything..

Anyways, I'm sorry for the his mess of a post. I felt like I needed to get this off my chest. But does anyone else feel or see this in their own experience with depression ?