life as a depressed 13 year old.
When I was 9 or 10 my mother first got diagnosed with lung cancer. My family and I all sat on the stairs and cried and cried, that was one of the worst days of my life. She started chemo and radiation not that long after. She was doing amazing, though it was really hard for her. In the beginning of 2019 my mother finally beat cancer, but that wouldn’t be for long. In July of 2019 my mom started to get into mini car accidents. My father took her to the hospital to find out that her cancer moved to her brain,again we cried. It was really hard to see my mother go through all of this. She started chemo and radiation all over again. This time it made her really sick. Lucky she got cancer free in December 2019 or January of 2020, her hair started growing again. She was full of joy. Fast forward to march of 2020 covid came. From all the chemo and radiation she had done on her it made her weak so the covid made it worse. We were all scared so she never let us out of the house because it could still make her very sick. In may 14th 2020 we were all talking about how we were going to plant flowers on the side of our house. That day was awesome till around 8pm. I was upstairs playing on my moms laptop till my dad started to yell to me that he was taking my mom to the hospital. I went downstairs to see my mom throwing up blood on the porch. Soon after I saw it she passed out my dad dragged her in and started doing cpr,while he was otp with the police. That was the day I watched my mother die right in-front of me. I was 11 years old. Somewhere around November or December I found myself some glass and started to cut myself with it. I had never done it before but it felt so good I couldn’t stop. Nobody ever knew until my sister found out but lucky my dad didn’t know. I was clean for 11 months. I started again the time I was sa’d. That was November 21st 2021, My fathers birthday. I always thought bc I was sa’d I ruined his birthday. I started to sh again. It is now 2023 and it has gotten so much worse I finally told my dad about my sh problems I couldn’t even keep myself clean for a week. He didn’t really take notice on it till 2/13/2023 the day I tried to take my life.  After that day I was diagnosed with depression.