My mum and me had a physical fight/argument last night and I'm scared
Throw away account for this. Myself M15 almost turning 16 had a fight with my mum yesterday and it got physical. I can't exactly remember who hit first but it got to the point that hands were on one another and spitting was involved. My mum had been charged 50 dollars for something on her credit card and I had asked her to buy something for 10 dollars. It turns out the currency was off on the thing I wanted to purchase. She then bought it up to me and to me it seemed like she was yelling. I have always been quite sensitive to yelling and I always take it really personally. After we had the conversation, mid way through I went to my room and locked it so I could breath because I was really stressed out. She then came from the living room into my room, bashing the door open and breaking my lock, breaking my door as well, it fell of the hinge. She came into my room while I was crying and was yelling at me. I told her to get out with swearing involved because I was really stressed out and upset. She then wouldn't and she kept getting right up into my face as if she was going to start throwing hands at me. I then was starting to involve talks of myself going to hurt myself, she then said that she doesn't know what I was on about and got really defensive. I then said can you just give me 5 minutes to breath and then I will come speak with her, after going back and forward for about 15 minutes she finally left me alone and I shut my door and dragged my dresser in front of it. I then had a full on panic attack for a solid 15 minutes and I could barely breath and I was smacking my head onto my wall and on my desk. She then came back to my room after she had sit in the lounge and listen to it all happen while she was sitting there watching TV. She came back and was back into a calm state herself which is quite a normal thing for her and she came in my room and comforted me. I kept breaking into tears while she was talking to my cat. After the situation she calmed me down after about 30 minutes of a continued panic attack.

&#x200B;

Today I feel really scared still, although she said that she was sorry for it. I still feel really scared to be around her and I feel really sick after she spat on me and I am hurting still really bad after she hit me. 

&#x200B;

I am currently on Setrona, anti-depressant, and I have been diagnosed with depression and I also have an anxiety disorder. I also have really bad trust issues and this has really ruined my trust with her. I am absolutely shattered and I have no idea what to do.