Kinda confused/concerned? Anyway need advice (tw I guess)
I have no clue how long this will be, so sorry if I write a whole book here, and possible TW (I also probably won’t look over this again, so I’m sorry if this makes no sense or if my grammar is absolutely shit, I’m not e native English speaker and I don’t really care for grammar rn)

So, I really am confused with myself rn.
I am diagnosed with depression (and anxiety) and am normally behaving/feeling like it’s usual for a depressed person (based on general symptoms, every person is different) like I get nothing done, have no energy for anything and my mood is so low on the floor it’s chilling with rainworms or something and am overall feeling empty/numb.
So far, so normal for me.
But every few months or so I have this really weird phase, no longer than a few hours where I am kinda the opposite of how I usually am;

I feel like I’m some kinda god and am so great (normally my self esteem is chilling with my mood in the ground),

I am really hyperactive, can’t sit down for a minute and am running around,
and am really impulsive and self destructive,
for example, last night; I was really going mad and did shit like considering self murder, punching my face (a day after that and my right side of my face is green and brown, I look like I got in a fight), and cut (usually do that, but this time my delusional self thought it to be funny to cut a  smiley and the word fuck in my arm, like wth).
I kinda went really off the rails, didn’t get a second of sleep and was really unhinged.

Btw this all happened last night, and the last time was shortly before the new year, like a day before it something where I planned to ,,self abort” and got everything/me ready (nice dress, letter, clean room) and was violently sobbing a few times (I usually never cry, like never never) and was really close to doing it, but then changed my mind, threw the letters away, changed, and ran trough the living room laughing like a maniac (not the ,im happy to be alive” laugh, more a 
,,I am going absolutely insane and need help and I know it” laugh and then proceeded to practice my singing.

The thing is, I am normally a really rational person, I do everything with my brain rather than my heart and am scared of the in unknown and even though I am fascinated my it, kinda despise the irrational.

So in conclusion, I do not think this is normal  (or maybe it is, am I just experiencing mood swings and am overreacting)?
Someone please help me, with why I am acting like this and if there are other people with the same experience.)

Thanks for reading, and sorry if this is rather unorganised, I don’t care enough to make it look pretty or something.