questioning my diagnosis?
this is a (very obvious) throwaway.

i find myself almost frequently lurking on this subreddit and feeling as though i’ve gotten closer to being understood after each visit.

i’m a girl, i’m 14, and i was diagnosed with depression when i was 12. 7th grade was a tough year for me— my personality frequently clashes with my mom’s (i’m an NT, she’s an SF. go figure), my dad is an abuser with familial history of mental illness, and my brother has special needs. growing up, i always had the best memory; i never forgot anything. 7th grade, however, seemed to wash all that away. i was frequently drawing more blanks than ever before (i can only describe the feeling as what i imagine dementia being like). i was having suicidal thoughts. i even started self-harming, which a teacher noticed. i was eventually hospitalized, and they determined that i had dysthymia. this was all fine, except for the fact that prior to this visit, i was pretty much convinced i had bipolar disorder.

i was always naturally shy, quiet, introverted, and fairly distant. middle school brought out a different side of me, because here i found people who most likely thought me weird, and i didn’t even notice. there were two kids i’d often toy with and use as puppets— it sounds horrible, and it certainly is, but i couldn’t stop this three-year long power rush. i had little pocket moments where i woke up, said, “this isn’t you,” and was myself again; these moments frequented in 8th grade, and i am very glad they did. i believed i was in a position of power, and i did not use it well. this, i think, is very common with people like myself— when you feel someone likes you and you are one of the pinnacles of their world, it propels your pride and makes you think you are unstoppable. this entire thing was a delusion, as i was left out far more than i realized, and i still had issues with lack of sociability and going quiet in school. everyone found me weird, but i overlooked it and lied to myself for 3 years.

but it doesn’t stop there. even without the two people i mentioned, my ego is very largely inflated. i had unhealthy delusions (at one point, i nearly thought i was a psychic who could move cars), which were followed by low self-esteem and suicidal thoughts. but, in the end, the doctors said it was depression, and my hypomania supposedly died down.

2020 was a very enlightening year for me; i realized that i cant make myself outgoing, that i’ll always be cold, and that my lack of words shouldn’t be reversed for anyone, or even for power. my slight shift in talkativeness was almost exclusive to middle school— i was the same shy girl everywhere else i went (and even in the institution; it was more obvious towards the beginning and end of each of the 3 years). unfortunately, the flip side of my realizations also came up to the surface; my parents are divorcing, and i now live poorly with my mom and disabled younger brother, and the lack of goings-on and separation has led to even more tension between us. it’s also made my depression fester; i think of dying, self-harming, and falling asleep and never waking up every single day. i have nightmares about my dad’s presence, i jump at every little thing (doors opening, my jacket at the corner of my eye, leaves, my mom reaching for her bag, etc), and i am much more irritable than usual.

however— and here’s where it gets fuzzy— my ego has also become more pronounced. it was always big because of the obvious differences in maturity level between myself and my peers, but it is worse now. some thoughts of mine include:

“the government knows of my chosen power, so they suppress it and make sure i am belittled by the school system”

“i will be the most unanimously voted, well-meaning political figure in history”

“i’ll buy a little girl ice cream so that she trusts me and thinks well of me”

“i was chosen by God Himself to save the world and be the greatest force it’s ever seen”

im not sure what this is. mild narcissism? very, very mild mania? a symptom of singular depression? BPD?

i should also let you know that i am very self-aware; my facial expressions could give away how i feel, but the same isn’t true of my actions. i am good at remaining composed, save for some teeth clenching and tone shifts. i would never engage in something impulsive or consequential because i live off of structure and planning, and no amount of mania could change that.

i also don’t know if this is just a human nature thing, but i am a little different around certain people; i’m the same person with the same personality, but there are times where i feel more invincible. most people i know see me as someone timid, fairly stoic, and soft-spoken. those around whom i am more comfortable feel the same way, except they further reinforce the stoic part. some things, such as my incredible, lifelong fear of confrontation remain unaffected no matter who you ask.

&#x200B;

TL;DR i have diagnosed depression, along with other symptoms, and i am in need of some guidance and clarity.