Me, 12 months ago - diagnosed with major depressive disorder and insomnia, vs. Me - today. Fuck you depression. I fought, and I fucking won.
http://i.imgur.com/5Gcb8.jpg

A year ago, I was sitting in the middle of class and just up and decided I wanted to be dead, so I got on the next bus to the train station. A man saw me crying and sat next to me and asked me what was wrong, I told him what I was going to do because, well who gives a shit? He sat there and talked to me the whole bus ride and convinced me to stay with him until we got to the hospital (the bus route that goes to the train station also happened to go to the hospital as well) and he took me to the desk and told the administration women what I was planning to do. That was when I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder and a week later I started on medication. 

I started on 30mg of Lovan, and have since moved up to 50mg of Mirtazapine (daily). It was not easy and there were many, many setbacks. After multiple breakdowns (me just going absolutely psychotic/trying to hurt myself) and 2 legitimate suicide attempts (as in, I planned them for days before) I was hospitalized for about a week and a half, held in a psych ward. I have been seeing a psychologist regularly for all of this time. 

I know I'm young and I understand that the battle is not yet completely over, but I feel proud in what I have accomplished in the last 12 months. I've gone from barely functioning to loving life and pulled up my grades in such a short time, and it is because of the hard work that **I** put in, as well as my huge support network. 

**edit** holy shit what is with the downvote parade in here? I appreciate every single one of these comments, yet many of them are in the negatives, for no apparent reason! I understand that reddiquette stresses to downvote comments that don't add anything to the discussion, but I think its a little bit different in a depression-related subreddit, where compassion and kind words are equally as important as thought-provoking discussion. Thank you to all those that have commented and sorry to those that are in negatives.