4 yrs since getting diagnosed. Quit my meds & therapy. Never relapsed. Am I doing better?
29M here. I was diagnosed with clinical depression around 4yrs ago. I was doing self-harm and losing interest in everything I do so I decided to seek help. My psychiatrist put me in monthly therapy sessions mixed with seroquel & lexapro. My experience with meds is somewhat very typical of what others have shared here on reddit. I never felt "happy". But at least, the constant dread and darkness kind of mellowed down. It still felt like I was stuck in a burning box but this time, the flames weren't bothering me like they used to. I also got tired of therapy. I stopped feeling the connection with my therapist & her insights seemed getting repetitive. But I didn't wanna go through all the trouble of looking for a new doctor because therapy isn't cheap where I'm from.

So more than a year later, I stopped seeing my doctor & taking meds cold turkey. It wasn't the best decision but I couldn't help it. I was getting broke & still feeling empty. Less suicidal, but still empty. The withdrawal was shit. The cold sweats, nausea, & overall shitty feeling lasted for about a month. Plus, I was doing so bad at work because my depression made me lose interest in a lot of things.

And then the pandemic happened. The company I worked at had to lay off around half of their employees I was one of those who suddenly became jobless in the middle of the global pandemic. Surprisingly, I took it lightly. Tried applying to a couple of jobs but after getting no call backs, I decided to just get out of the corporate world. I moved out, decided to live with my SO in another city & it's probably the best decision I made.

Today, I'm still with my SO and I'm now doing freelance work. Also, moving places made me meet a lot of people who I still cherish until today. Together with my SO, they're sort of my unofficial support group. Money is still hard to come by, though. And I had to cut off a lot of people I no longer feel comfortable being around. The suicidal thoughts & compulsion to hurt myself never came back. I'm not conventionally "happy" & my depression now feels like a dark cloud that hovers me & hasn't engulfed me. At least just yet. I'm scared of all the uncertainties. Having no stable source of income in the midst of a global economic crisis is scary as hell. My SO's job pays well but the industry they're in isn't the most stable so out future is still a bit blurry.

I don't really know what's the point of posting this but I just wanna let it out. This is also not to encourage anyone of you to stop take your meds & to stop going to therapy. Whatever works for you, I guess. I don't wanna sound so cheesy here but I guess the bottom line is, our suffering will never end but it might get easy. I don't know. I just felt like sharing.

I also wanna tell everyone in this subreddit, thank you for holding on to whatever you have left in you. We've got ways to go. Thank you for trying your best.