Rant/Advice/Etc about recent diagnosis
I (M 17) was diagnosed by a psychiatrist with depression and anxiety. He started me on prozac and referred me to a therapist. For whatever reason I CONSTANTLY worry that I don’t actually have depression and I’m just being dramatic and making my symptoms up and lying about them because other people actually have depression. It also makes me mad when people say that depression is common because it makes me feel like they are saying that a lot of people are going through what i’m going through, it’s not that bad. Does this make anyone else mad that people try to make it seem like everyone has depression when in reality it’s a small bit of people who actually suffer from it? I don’t even get why people say that it’s common and a lot of people have it when it’s only about 20% which isn’t a lot, and even less for men. I don’t even get why this makes me mad. Is it because I want to be special and I want to be a special kind of broken or something? Or is it because it’s true that depression isn’t as common as people try to make it seem because like I said, 20% isn’t a lot. I barely know anyone who has depression, not to mention a lot of people like to say they have depression when they really don’t. That also makes me so mad. People will say they are depressed or have depression when they don’t and will never know what it actually feels like but they like to pretend like they do. This makes me especially mad when my friends say it. My mom also likes to downplay mental illness. Moving on, I don’t feel like my medicine is working at all but I’m definitely feeling the side effects. I believe that it has made me dissociate more than often, more restless, maybe even more tired, and maybe a little numb but I don’t feel like it’s helping. Does this mean that it’s not right for me or does it just mean that I’m not on a high enough dose (i’ve been on it for over a month)? I’m also worried about my first therapy appointment. I don’t know what to expect or how to prepare.