Help ! Burnout or depression ?
Hello everybody,

First of all I apologize for any mistakes I will make on this post, I am not a native English speaker.

I am a 28 yo male. I graduated in July 2020 and started working right after that.

On November 2020 I stopped working and my doctor diagnosed me a burnout/depression. I was full of anxiety, feeling my heart pulsing in my head, heavy trouble concentrating, depersonalisation, heavy fatigue, no motivation, waking up at night sweating at and memory loss.

 I was feeling slightly better by the end of December but then I broke my foot and had to stay on bed for a month. I thought I was feeling better while in bed but when I went out back to real life I realized I did not.

During those months I spent most of my time trying to understand if I was burned out or depressed. I was reading everything about it on the internet to know what I was suffering.

Then on February I was about to have sex with a girl I was seeing for months and I realised I had erectile dysfunction (probably due to burnout/depression) and I down spiraled from this point as I became afraid to loose her because of it..

On the 1rst of march I accepted to try lexapro 5mg. On the 11th I was at 10mg, on the 22th I was at 15mg and since the 1rst of April I am at 20mg.

Today I feel a bit better, I went back to work at 80% BUT  I still feel my heart pulsing in the back of my head, it is way less intense but it's still here. I struggle to jump out of bed in the morning, I feel like I am tired (but at least I can sleep now) I feel I lost this drive which animated me before, I was a really enthusiastic and spontaneous person. I struggle paying my bills and sometimes at work because of my lack of motivation and memory/concentration problems which still here. I feel motivated sometimes but it never lasts forever.. I am still experiencing erectile dysfunction, probably due to lexapro.

On the positive side, I don't wake up at night anymore but still tired when I wake up. I am more relaxed and less anxious but still not feeling myself. My humour is not back and I feel mentally unfocused.

My questions are: 

Did some people did experience something like this after 6 weeks of 20mg of lexapro ? 

How should I feel after this amount of time ? Is it normal to not be "fully remitted" ?

Should I stay on Lexapro as I see an improvement ? Will I continue to improve ?

I am really afraid of not achieving full remission ! The state I am currently now is not satisfying for me.. I want to fully recover and have a full life. Is it a realistic goal ? 

I don't know if what I am experiencing now is residual symptoms of depression or side effects of lexapro ?

What to do to fully eliminate residual symptoms ?

Thank you very much !