I was diagnosed today with PDD. I'm not sure if it was exactly accurate. I think I probably have MDD
If the psychiatrist was reported that I don't have suicidal thoughts, would he lean towards believing I probably have PDD and not MDD?
The truth is, I do definitely have suicidal thoughts(yet don't plan on it at the moment), but at first when I said I think about it, he threatened or said he would immediately turn me into a psychiatrist mental hospital. So I tried to avoid saying I intend to harm myself, and said I think about death, or something like that. I think He mostly believes I just think about death but don't have suicidal thoughts or wishes(saves me from being sent into a mental hospital).
But did it affect my diagnosis?
Because I have read that PDD symptoms don't include suicidal thoughts. Among concentration or memory issues(which I absolutely have).
So help me, do I probably have MDD as I feared?
The thing is, the psychiatrist didn't let me talk and say how it affected my life and which symptoms I have.
He just asked me questions about certain symptoms, and I told him yes or no(said about everything yes).
I feel like he missed on certain things and symptoms that I do have, that he just didn't ask, so doesn't know about them.
PDD reads as some or most symptoms of MDD, but not all of them, some are absent.
But I do have the MDD symptoms that PDD doesn't share(suicidal thoughts, concentration and memory issues, difficulty managing hygiene and self care).
From what I've read about MDD, I share all symptoms.
I do share all PDD symptoms as well(all of them are shared with MDD), but I also have MDD symptoms that PDD doesn't share.
He also didn't even ask me or let me talk about the severity of the symptoms.
I believe that my psychiatrist maybe made a slightly not 100% accurate diagnosis, as there are things and symptoms he doesn't know about because he didn't ask or let me talk.
Why was that? Was he being very hasty with the diagnosis, or did he do everything fine?
Because with the way he interrogated me, he was left out of several notable information, that he didn't bother ask or let me tell him.
The only questions he asked me, where of symptoms of PDD. Nothing else.
Not questions to see if I'm bipolar, or psychotic, or atypical, or even MDD.
I feel like that missed him on some valuable information.
If I had psychotic features, or bipolar, he wouldn't know about it, because he didn't ask me anything outside PDD.
Are all psychiatrist like that? Or do some or most interegate deeply into which type of depression you have?
He only asked me questions about symptoms of PDD.
And because I share more symptoms than just the ones of PDD, he didn't know about it, because he didn't ask me.
I feel like he assumed from the beginning I probably have PDD because of background information, and then just asked questions to validate that.
But he didn't investigate to see if I'm maybe MDD, or psychotic, or atypical.
Was he specifically not so great of a psychiatrist, and others at least let you talk yourself about what symptoms you report having, and then may add up questions in the process about symptoms you didn't report, but maybe didn't know you have.
Anyway, please tell me your experience of your diagnosis.
I must know if he was maybe a little wrong, hasty or prejudice, or am I stupid and delusional and he was just fine and a normal psychiatrist?
Please let me know your experience, and comment if you think he was right with the diagnosis, or do I probably have MDD and not PDD, because I share certain symptoms of MDD that he wasn't aware of(his fault, I would tell him if he let me to).