I'm home by myself for the first time
This is a bit of a rant, but I've got no one else who will really listen to me. I had a diary but... I want someone to read this and maybe get a response. I'll do my best to sound coherent. I'm a 19 yr old guy and about to enter my second year of college and it really hit me tonight that I'm not in high school anymore. I'm home alone for the first time in 15 years of living here and I've no one to share it with. My parents are out of state visiting my Grandma and are staying there overnight. I told them I didn't feel like going but I really just wanted to stay here and drink in my basement with some friends. Back in high school, I had a few girlfriends and when I didn't, I sometimes had friends who were interested in hooking up with me. But now, everything's different. It's been over a year since I've dated someone or had a job. I'm still a virgin and have never learned how to drive or ride a bike. When I got really  during the school year, I tried cutting off a lot of my friends and began self-harming a little. 

Tonight it really hit me because I can't find anyone who will come over and hangout with me. The friends I have left have moved into school already, are working tomorrow, or asleep. No matter how hard I try, I can't get someone to hangout with me on a moment's notice. I really just wanna lose my virginity and I'm ashamed I haven't yet. I could have multiple times in high school but I didn't feel ready yet. When I did try, I couldn't because it hurt me too much and I couldn't pull my foreskin back (gross I know). I'm meeting with a urologist soon, possibly getting circumcised. Tonight I wanted nothing more than to stay in and chill with a girl, and not know if we'd end up together or not. I feel like that's all someone wants when they're my age. Instead, I'm home alone with my cat and dog typing in my kitchen wondering what could have been. 

It feels like everyone has a life except me and I just can't seem to get it together. All my friends are either dating someone or partying and shoving it down my throat on snapchat or instagram. All I really had going for me this summer was going to the gym everyday and even now I don't feel like I achieved my desired results. I think I'm starting a new job Thursday but it's unclear to me whether I'm being trained or just interviewed. Either way I'm scared shitless that I'm gonna mess it all up. 

Sometimes I'm scared that I can't accept the fact that some girls simply aren't interested in me and I'm desperately working on that. I know that relationships don't make people happy in the long-run. Ironically, the only girls I have talked to tonight have done nothing but complain to me. The one (I'll call her Jackie) is this hot girl I met in my intro to psych class. I was always interested in being more than friends with Jackie, but she dated an old friend of mine and I wasn't going to overstep any boundaries. After our class ended, we started talking less and less but we always kept a snapchat streak for some reason. Tonight I sent out a snapchat to a bunch of people saying I was bored and needed someone to hangout with or I was gonna kill myself (jokingly, obviously all my friends know I wouldn't). She answered and started talking about how she was in a bad mood because the guy who was fucking her dipped and hasn't answered her in three hours. Like poor you I'm just trying to figure out what I'm gonna jerk off to tonight. 

Now the other girl, I'll call her Taylor, is someone I used to kinda have a romantic thing with back in like junior year. She sucks. Plain and simple. The first argument we ever got into she went and made out with some guy later that night because she was "sad and drunk and thought things were over between us". Like she does nothing but vent to me about her sex life and like guys who are clearly shitty to her whom I've never met and she's just so annoying in so many ways. She's just so obsessed with her own little world which has no room for anyone but herself. A lot of people I know don't like her either. She nonstop bitches about every little thing, never asks how I'm doing. I feel like I'm everyone's  even though I'm pretty sure I'm the only one I know who has ever self-harmed or had real suicidal thoughts. I don't know if I'm exactly proud of that or what but I don't care. Again, I know no one is going to read this but if you have, thank you. I just really felt the need to write all of this out. This subreddit has helped me through a lot of things and I am grateful to those who take the time out of their day to provide emotional support. There's a lot of scary shit on here too, things that I know I couldn't deal with. It takes courage to reach out to those people and to share your own problems. Reading this subreddit has helped me realize that I'm not alone and I don't know what I'd do without y'all. 