Did therapy help you? (+ my story)
Hi all,

I was  with moderate  November 2022. My  is very much work related, things have been bad and difficult at work for quite some time. 

I've been working in this company for about 5,5 years. I work in an office, there are 3 other people, all of them are owners (and my mum is one of them). I've been having difficulties with one of my co-workers. I can't remember how everything began, but this has been going on for about 2 years. In short, she has blamed me for all kind of random things; yelling, doing work in wrong order, selecting the work I do, throwing the office phone, pulling papers from her hand, saying that I hate her, saying parents and children shouldn't work at the same company (she said this to my mum and my mum told me. Hearing that wasn't nice).. She also seems to have a major issue with me working at the same company as my mum, she seems to think I'm just waiting for my mum to retire so that I can have her share of the company (this isn't true). Also this co-worker keeps "spying" on what I do, this has been going on for years. I once mentioned about this to her and she acted like she hasn't done anything, but other people at the office have noticed that she "spies" on what I do. For example when my mum helps me with something, this co-worker often walks past us and takes a long look about what we are doing. All of this has really taken a toll of my mental health, and I finally kind of "collapsed" last November. I was on sick leave for 2 weeks, and now I feel that might have been too short. Before that I frequently cried at work and sometimes at home after work. I've been crying at work after my sick leave as well, but not that often.

I know quitting and applying for another job would be a good solution and I've thought about it sometimes. But I feel like I don't know anything about my job and that nobody will hire me because I have very limited skills.

I've found a , but I'm unsure about seeing her. I know it propably would be helpfull, but I don't know how seeing a  would help if nothing changes at work. I've told some of my work concers to my mum, and she told me not to stress and just forget everything my co-worker has blamed me for. One  told me I could have burn-out as well, and I feel like that is very possible.

So I'm interested to know, did therapy help you? Or have you been in a similar situation?