17 years since  and still struggling. How do I go on?
Hi all. I usually avoid places like this because I've never found therapy all that helpful, but I've got to do something. I feel like I'm going crazy.

I was  with major  when I was 16. When I was around 24 or 25, I started having panic attacks and other oh-so-delightful anxiety symptoms too. I've been on Zoloft since I was 16, and it seems to work fairly well, so I know part of my current funk is that I'm out of meds and I'm having to fight with DHHR to get a medical card just so I can get a new scrip, since God knows I can't afford the  without Medicaid.

But that's part of my problem. I'm 33 now. I should be mid-career level by now in a good position with benefits. I shouldn't be struggling to get by, unable to hold down a job longer than 6-12 months, begging DHHR and humiliating myself so that they might deign to give me a medical card. I shouldn't be so poor that I qualify for Medicaid in the first place. I have two degrees, both of them worthless. I have no prospects and no hope. I share an apartment with my mom, who also suffers from mental illness and is disabled. I feel so trapped and like nothing I do matters. I go to sleep half the time not caring if I wake up again. I'm not actively suicidal, but I also don't care if I live. I don't \*want\* to die, but I don't want to live like this either. I can't talk to my friends about it. I go on Facebook and it's either like screaming into the void or I have well-meaning friends telling me to perk up and that things will get better when my entire lived experience so far says that no, it won't. I can't meet with friends in person because I get so irrationally jealous and bitter that they've got good jobs and families. I can't relate to them planning vacation getaways when I can't even afford a  visit to get the meds I need to keep myself even partly sane. And I get so \*angry\* about it because I think that should be me. I deserve to be happy too. Everyone does. But it'll never happen.

The place where I live is overrun by drugs and crime, to the point we've been the subject of documentaries lately from places like HBO and BBC. It's not hard to see why so many turn to drugs here, either: there's no hope. There are no jobs. There are no options for recreation. Healthy food is obscenely expensive, so you just pump yourself full of sugar and processed garbage and don't give your brain the fuel it needs to help prop up your mental health. Other people are like, "Well, then just move." Right. With what? A wish and a prayer? Moving takes a lot of money--and more importantly, it takes a lot of courage and a lot of strength that I just don't have.

And then what happens if I work up the courage to move? I go somewhere hours away from the only place I've ever lived, and I still get rejected from every job I apply for. I have a spotty work history thanks to my /anxiety and the utter lack of jobs here in general. Right now, I can tell myself I'm being rejected because I'm an out-of-state applicant. But what if I move someplace where jobs are relatively plentiful and I \*still\* get rejected? That will just confirm my worst fears: that I'm being rejected because of ME.

I'm so scared to try to do anything to better myself. I feel simultaneously too old to make positive changes and somehow like I'm still a scared kid unable to do anything for themselves. I'm not happy like this, but I'm too paralyzed by fear to follow through with changing anything. What am I supposed to do with a useless lib arts degree and an even more useless lib arts master's? No wonder no one wants to hire me. Besides being a neurotic mess who's never accomplished anything or done anything of note or worked in the fields I studied, I've got two utterly worthless degrees (English and history, if anyone's curious). I could go back to school for something useful, sure, but I already blew my shot and racked up a ton of debt with my MA program. I can't go back and add on even more debt when I'll find a way to sabotage myself again anyway.

I just feel so trapped, and I can't bring myself to hope for any improvements, ever. For a short period around the start of the year, I had hope. I had a...well, not great job, but decent enough. But of course, everything fell apart like it always does, and now I'm unemployed and hopeless again. I just feel like there's no point in me trying to better myself because every time I try, I either panic and don't even start, or I make a small bit of progress and then get shoved right back into the hole where I apparently belong.

17 years of this. I can't take another 17.

EDIT: and now I just found out I got rejected from a job I drove 4.5 hours to for an interview. I give up. I can't do this anymore. I don't want this life.