My partner of 5 years dumped me. I got  with  and anxiety. I lost my job. Haven't talked to anyone or been out of the house in weeks. Yesterday a good friend died from suicide. It's too much.
A lot has happened in a very short amount of time. When shit hits it really hits hard.

This Christmas I got dumped by my SO of 5 years. Two months prior to the breakup he started being very mean and mentally abusive. I have abandonment issues due to childhood trauma, and he made sure to push every trigger. He was  my best friend. The only one I really trusted. And now he's gone.

After the breakup I got  with  and anxiety. I'm in therapy and on meds now, which helps a bit. But it's still so bad that I had to quit my job. I just couldn't go back there. I haven't spoken to anyone, except sent a few texts, since new years. I don't go out of the house except to go to therapy. I'm too afraid. I've shut myself in and everyone else out. My friends send me texts now and then. I know they care, but I just don't have the strengt to answer them.

Yesterday I got texts telling me that a good friend, the kindest guy I ever knew, had died from suicide. I feel so guilty. How could I not have known? What is I hadn't shut him (and everyone else) out. What if I could have talked him out if it? 

With  comes thoughts of hopelessness, despair, feelings of not being good enough, being worthless. A failure. I've felt all those things. But right now I don't just feel it. It IS me. I don't feel like a failure, I am a failure. 

There are so many 'what if's'. What if I could have saved the relationship. What if I could have saved my connection with my friends. What if I had tried harder. What if I had pushed myself and went back to work. What if I could have saved my friend.

I'm so scared of being alone, yet I can't bring myself to talk to friends. Right now I feel utterly and horribly alone.

What if. Just what if.

Edit: 
I never imagined getting this type of support. From the bottom of my heart; thank you. Thank you for the kind words, the uplifting comments, the stories of your own hardships.

I've always been introverted and never had a lot of friends. I used to play a lot of video games, but even on  online games I play alone. Depending on someone, even in a game, scares me a lot. So I've never been part of a community. But right now, I feel like I've been in the wrong all this time. I feel like I might find something here. A friend, comfort, or someone to discuss the weather with. 
When I am stronger I'd like to be a helpful part of this community. I'd like to pay you back, or at least pay it forward.

I'm doing ok. I try not to think. That's why I haven't written sooner. I couldn't bare to look at my phone. I read, watch HBO, read, HBO, read, HBO. I can't let myself think. 
When I think I see my dead friend or my ex. How I'll never be with any one of them again. I can't do that. I have to keep my mind busy.