Get to know your workmates, they arnt just cogs in the machine.
I hired a guy into our small business 6 months ago. There are only 3 of us as its a small operation. He was originally from Senegal but has lived in the UK for 13 years. My workmate is an older English bloke and from the get go he wasn't very matey with the new guy. There's not really a language barrier but I feel like hes somehow created one by not adjusting the way he communicates with the guy knowing his first language wasn't English.

I on the other hand have communicated with him without any issue. I have learned so much about this guys life and I'm so glad I've taken the time to speak with him. He has written speeches for the current president of Senegal, he knows the past and current police commissioner, he has survived through genocides, he has protected the weak and killed aggressors. This guy is quiet and so kind but there is so much more to his life than you would know if you don't engage. 

He was a top mathematician until one day he decided he had peaked and went after somthing else. He has clip online of a maths competition where his students won and one of the dads came on to camera and told the story of how he brought his child into school from working on a farm, paid for his lessons and took him to the competition. When they won the father told the interviewer that he has not seen God but he believes (my guy) must be him. Aparently upon hearing that he quit teaching from that day. I asked him why and all he said was "when you are compared to God how can you ever achieve more in that place?" 

He moved onto graphic design teaching himself. Then started teaching others it in a school. Finally he came over here and bounced around alot until he landed with me. 

Now I get the privilege of working with  a driven man who out of the blue tells me stories from his past. He is so kind and so driven and I can see somthing in his eyes that tells you he has seen things I cannot ever imagine.

Sorry I just finally needed to tell someone about this guy because I think he is truly amazing.