The path never leaves you, even if it seems like you left it.
Going into college, I wanted to study psychology. But I had a pivotal moment, it occurred in seconds, which caused me to turn away from my desire, my knowing, my life purpose.

My mom had good intentions. 

But I needed her love and approval from such an untouched core wound at the time.   
So when she said, "you don't want to be in that rat race, do you? Listening to people's problems all day..." 

…I felt ashamed. 

Ashamed that, in fact, I did want to. And I didn’t see it the way she did, at all. I was fascinated by relational dynamics and the internal processes of people. I loved inspiring others to create what they want. Even then. 

But I couldn't bear to conflict with an approval rating from my mom. Studying psychology was not getting a good grade in her book.   
So I abandoned it. 

I traveled for five years. All while feeling my purpose was lost, and this created a lot of anxiety. I wasn’t aware of why. It was the butterfly nomad journey v1.0, in my early 20's. 

I can't say I regret that period.

I lived in Israel and worked at a dive club on the Red Sea in Eilat as a divemaster / dive guide. I logged hundreds of dives, made friends with the reliable show of garden eels and lion fish. I took countless trips across the border to the Sinai in Egypt, so many I needed extra pages installed in my passport. I was and am still proud of that.

I traveled by myself to Singapore, Malaysia, and Thailand. I met a hot Italian named Marco on the island of Kho Phangan, long before it became a modern tantra capital. I ended up having a two year story with him, where I lived with him part-time in his camper traveling around Tuscany selling hand-loomed bead jewelry I made. The other part of the time we lived in his Mom's apartment with his recently divorced and angry at everything sister La Gianna, and his raisin of a grandmother, La Tosca. Tosca must have withered down to about 80 pounds as she got into her later years. I learned Italian, ate the best food ever, witnessed with astonishment daily dramas at the dinner table, and of course... there was tall, dark and sexy AF: Marco.

My travels took me to Nigeria, Benin and Kenya in Africa. I could write a whole novel about those six months in Lagos, eating fried plantain and yucca every day and learning to speak Pigeon English. I'm leaving and I'm not coming back = me go go. I'm leaving, and I'll return = me go come. How delightful! I lived in a company house with 5 Israelis. That's also when all my early childhood Hebrew school came in handy, and my Hebrew elevated to mildly conversational. Yes, I learned Hebrew in Nigeria. At Passover, they made me do the four questions and they were amazed that I could read the Hebrew and knew the melody! We all celebrated and it was a great moment. 

So no, I don't regret that I turned away from getting a degree in psychology. I can't say I regret providing acupuncture to 5000 people over 20 years either. I met amazing people, some of whom I remain in contact with, and a few I think of as a friend, or even family. I can't say I regret all the pain washing from so many people's faces. The depth of gratitude for those who I truly helped turn around aggravating, debilitating, and scary health issues. It was all a gift.

And here I am, in my home town, another full circle. I'm reflecting about the path of my life and realize all along I've been studying psychology. I never stopped. I just didn't go the collegiate path. 

My morning take-away: the path never leaves you, even if it seems like you left it.

Thoughts?