I gave my neighbour a thank you card
I'm currently staying at a small campground while I prepare to move.  Over the few months I've been here there's this guy who lives there and looks kinda intimidating (tattoos, bald, huge beard etc) and I was always nervous about walking past his place.  

One time I was walking past with my pup and he was leaving his trailer and he commented that he was a happy pup, and I was kinda surprised as he was so friendly and not gruff like I expected him to be.  A few weeks later, as Eddy and I were walking past his place again, Eddy saw the park owner/manager and started barking up a storm because he wanted to say hi, and the guy was heading out and stopped to say that I was doing a great job with Eddy and that he was lucky to have me.  It was a small compliment but it really made my week and helped me realize that I was actually doing great with Eddy's training. 

I'm moving soon, so I thought I should make a card for this guy and thank him for his kind words.  I thought it was too much, but I figured I only have one life and if I can do something nice I should do it.  So I made the card (and a few more for other people here that I've met) and I went over.  Let me say here that I was SO nervous, but I knew I'd be upset at myself if I didn't overcome my anxiety about talking to new people so I phsyched myself up and said a prayer and marched over.  

I knocked on the door and he took the card, and then I asked him to sign my book which is a sort of memory scrapbook in which people I've met can write a little note or something for me to remember them by.  He invited me in while he wrote a small note and then we ended up talking for over 30 minutes.   He's actually a super nice guy and he had so many interesting things to share.  I learned about his dogs and his family and kids, and it was just a really great conversation. 

One of the things that I'll always remember from our conversation is what he said about living.  He said: you don't need a lot to be happy, and if you're in a situation that makes you unhappy, take some paper and figure out what it is and find ways to change it.

I'm so glad that I got over my fear and gave him the card.  Now I have to deliver my other cards to the remaining people and ask them to sign my book too!