My parents get better at parenting the less I talk to them, its weird
My mom was a terrible mom to me growing up. There was a huge discrepancy in the way she treated me vs my siblings. My sister agrees that i am my moms least favorite. Growing up nothing I did was right in my mom's eyes. I wasn't walking right, my stride was too manly. I couldn't sit right because i tend to sway unconsciously. I was a terrible student because i didn't study right despite straight As. I was lazy because I liked to lay in bed and read after school even though i was on a swim team and swimming 4 to 5 miles a day. I was always eating too much even though I wasn't allowed to eat more food than my mom ate at each meal. I was never eating healthy enough even though my mom provided all my food. My hair was never done right. I could go on and on.

My dad was always a good dad when he parented but he was quiet a lot and traveled a lot for work. I think he felt like he was a lesser parent and had less of a say in how we were raised because he was out of town quite a bit. So he was a good dad but a bit absent. 

I moved out of my parents house and made sure to call everyday. I got tired of doing everything wrong in my mom's eyes. I was spending a lot of time helping her around her house, mowing the 4 lawns they have, doing minor repairs in their 4 properties and workingas their handyman. But she kept complaining that i never did anything for her. I couldn't take it anymore so i stopped. I stopped helping and stopped calling.

I answer my mom when she calls but i never call her. Suddenly our communication dropped to once a week. Suddenly all of our conversations are nice. She is constantly giving me gifts to invite me over. She is constantly making food for me and telling me how grateful she is to have such a nice daughter. Suddenly  she is bearable  to talk to. I'm not going to start initiating conversation with her. I think she would revert back to her old behavior. I think she is trying to buy my love. 

My dad seems to think that physically being in the same house as me counts as being there so the day i moved out he set up a schedule for us to meet up on our lunch breaks and we are back to having real conversations. We even have a date set up to go to the shooting range together.