I wanted to send this text to my step mom but, no, so I’m gonna just say it here cause I need this out of my body.
 Ok.  So. 

Step mom texts me about the restaurant she’s at: “food is good but waitress is a ditz” I say everyone has off nights. She says “yeah but she was just not good”. While my dad is texting me separately (they’re both together at the restaurant) and is asking me how to tip the chefs and kitchen staff.

This just pissed me off so badly because I’m almost certain that this poor waitress wasn’t nearly as bad as Sharon said she was. And now she’s making my dad not tip the waitress.  My step mom is a hellish person to be near to. She will make you feel like a piece of dog shit for existing in her presence. And how fucking dare you breathe.  Like that. 

Anyways.  She texts me about the service and my dads texting me separately and I’m just seeing this whole thing play out like two fucking ass holes trying to bully some poor waitress because they’re miserable in their own hearts. (Not my dad, but my step mom is for sure). 

So I wrote this whole thing out. But like. Obviously I’m not going to send it, but I guess I just wanted someone to hear it. Sharon doesn’t even deserve to know what true friendship is. Here’s the text that was never sent, cause what kind of psycho sends this shit:

“Yeah I feel for the waitresses. One time at Hawthornes by my dads old condo where I used to work. It was like my 3rd day and I had a party table of 16 people and simultaneous 2/3/4 tops on the patio and one table inside. Table inside couldn’t see the patio and thought they were the only ones in the restaurant.  The table inside left me a penny as a tip and wrote a scathing note on the bill.  I was so upset and started sobbing as I typed it into the computer in the kitchen. One of the older waitresses saw me and took me out back with the recycling and gave me an empty beer bottle and said “throw it” and we both smashed a couple empty beer bottles on the ground in the dumpster area and hugged it out. She hugged me and told me people are assholes. 

The couple that gave me a $.01 tip came back a month or so later and I was their server again (I recognized them immediately and was like fuck my life) but I treated them well and kept my chin up and they left me a good tip and pulled me aside and said thanks for the good service.  I always think about that when I judge my servers. They’re probably trying so hard and you can’t see the other things they have going on.”

Ugh I hate when people are rude to other people!!!!!! AAAAAAAHHHHH

Ok I’m done.