Don't know what's happening to me and struggling to cope (also posted this to r/)
So I'm a 17yo female and I  really need to just get this off my chest, as I don't really have anywhere else to share it. I have a  of , OCD and GAD. So I've struggled with  for 2 or 3 years. I suffered episodes that would come on suddenly and be completely debilitating. I would wake up and be able to feel an almost physical weight on my chest, which made getting out of bed nearly impossible, let alone completing work and other daily tasks. Everything looked grey, I couldn't eat, I was sleeping nearly all day and night and the joy seemed to have gone out of my life. During these periods i often experienced an intense and overwhelming urge to end it but I managed to pull through. These episodes would occur every few months or so, lasting anywhere from  a few weeks to a few months. I tried CBT which worked a bit, as well as antidepressants which don't seem to be working for me. 
However, something strange started happening to me around spring 2020. I reached crisis point with one of these episodes but the next day my mood had lifted. I had tons of energy, I felt almost euphoric the next few days and I slept a lot less than usual. I knew something was wrong because I literally felt like I had taken something, everyday things seemed amazing and fascinating, colours were brighter, sounds were clearer and food tasted better. I had so much energy and so many ideas for new art projects that I couldn't sit still. My usually average/low self confidence shot up and I felt almost invincible, walking around at night by myself to try and get rid of some of my excess energy thinking I could take on anyone (I'm a small 5"2 female). But after a few of days my good mood turned irritable, leaving me feeling incredibly agitated and angry. The weeks following this I kind of had some symptoms of  mixed in with these new feelings, like feeling agitated and restless and pacing round the room while . I went into a proper  after the "high" was over. Those couple of weeks were  a bit of a blur looking back on them. I made a point to mention this strange mood change to my , as I had a gut feeling that something was very wrong, but it was written off as a blip and nothing to worry about. After this i continued to experience my usual depressive episodes on and off, inbetween episodes where I felt normal. My medication was changed from prozac, which wasn't working, to sertraline a few months ago. However recently I had another "episode" of the really good mood, almost 9 months later. It occurred the same way the first one did, after I reached crisis point with the . This time I experienced less of an amazing euphoric mood but it was still significantly higher than my usual mood. Again I had much more energy,  and slept less than I usually do, but there were certain times I felt scared of my mood at one point I felt so high and out of it that it felt uncontrollable and pretty uncomfortable. After a night of no sleep I experienced some pretty scary things such as hearing whispers whilst water was running and screaming in the shower when no one was there. I also saw strange spider like creatures under my bed, as well as the overwhelming fear of something evil being outside my house. though these went away once I slept a few hours but the whispering continued a bit. In those moments I was terrified, and genuinely thought I was losing it. The whole thing lasted about 2 weeks but I again experienced the  mixed with the agitation I had last time. I ended up pacing round my garden at 3am with my mind going a million miles an hour, filled with depressing thoughts, and hearing whispers again. Like last time I became incredibly  after the high mood and since then my mood has just swung between a good mood and seriously , sometimes changing multiple times a day. .I've been trying to contact my  since the second high episode in hopes of getting some speaking with them to change my medication and maybe get some explanation for what is happening but with no luck. I did manage to get through to them a few days ago but they told me that my medication review that was originally scheduled for today (Friday 15th) has now been cancelled, and I will have to wait until mid Feb to get another one. Things honestly feel so out of control at the moment and I felt the need to share this as I'm feeling very confused and pretty unsupported and alone in dealing with this. I'm frightened of what is happening to me and I'm wondering if anyone can relate to the things I've spoken about. Hey this may even help someone else. Anyway thank you if you have read this far.