Experiencing both severe  and very high moods
So this is gonna be a bit long but pls bear with me. Ive been told that high moods are a symptom of , and that that may be what I'm suffering from. But I've never heard of that with clinical . So if anyone has experienced  with the high mood I'm going to describe it would mean a lot to me if you'd rech out as Id like to learn more about it.

 So I've been  with  for maybe 3 years but over the last year I'd say it has gotten increasingly worse. I have had cbt but as my mood swings aren't really affected by anything environmental or my thinking it wasn't very effective. I have also taken antidepressants but I feel that these have made no difference except worsening my .
 In May I also suffered from an episode that I'll refer to as a "high mood". It's important to note that for me this wasn't just a good mood, it felt like how I'd imagine a drugs high would, and at times I felt so high it was almost uncomfortable. It felt good but I knew something wasn't right. This lasted about a week and consisted of me feeling almost euphoric, having an excess of energy, tons of ideas for now art projects, way higher self esteem and a sense that I was invincible. Towards the end of the week I began to feel frustrated as I couldn't get anything done with my mind going so fast, and also incredibly agitated from all the excess energy. This mood change was preceeded and followed by intense . I spoke to my  and I was temporarily given a  of bipolar 2, and was set to change from my antidepressants (fluoxetine) to a suitable antipsychotic. After a couple of days however I was told that they felt they had been too hasty with the  and treatment, and that bipolar 2 can't be  in under 18s? (I'm 17 1/2). So my  was changed back to  and I was put on a new antidepressant (sertraline).  They said that if I had had a full blown manic episode then they would have been treated straight away. Which makes me feel like the only way I'll receive some answers and treatment is if I have a manic episode, or end up in hospital from . Also makes me feel like Im gonna have to wait months until I'm 18 to actually get the right treatment, which feels ridiculous to me. They had previously said that the high mood seemed like a hypomanic episode, but following them changing my  back to , I was told it was just a "blip" .which makes me feel like how many more "blips" do I have before I get taken seriously? 

Well come late December, and I had another episode of the high mood, following the same pattern as last time of , euphoric/angry mood and then back to severe . I don't feel like it's down to medication as I have had an near identicle experience, 8 months apart, on two different meds. Bearing in mind the first high happened after I had been on fluoxetine for over a year. . Anyway so the last few weeks I have desperately been trying to get in contact with my  because my mood swings were horrendous and I didn't feel that my meds were helping. but with no luck as they're off work and I havnt been put in contact with a replacement. I've rang up many times and have been told that I would receive a phone call back as it was urgent but I never did. So that led me to decide to come off sertraline myself, which I'm now feeling the withdrawal of lol. Anyway I'm looking into seeing a new  who may be able to confirm a  and treatment for me so hopefully that can happen soon. Thank you if you've read this far, just wanted to share some of my experiences 😊