I know why I made those
I was thinking why I made gifts for all my friends, and I think it was for them to have something to take their anger out on.

I made stuff so they could destroy it. Burn it. Curse it. Because once I'm dead they'll either be indifferent, happy, or angry. If indifferent, it ends up in a landfill. If happy, then I'm glad my death could illicit feelings of joy for everyone. If angry, they can direct their anger at something that can take it, instead of another person. For the longest time the only thing I've been looking for is a death where no one is sad, no one mourns, no one takes it and uses it to inflict pain upon themselves or others. 

He keeps telling me I should have died much longer ago. Maybe I should have died and gave my roommates free passes in college. Maybe I should have died in high school so no one had to know me for long. Maybe I should have died as a newborn, to prevent myself being introduced to life. I am a person who cares about only two things: dying and making everyone else content. I heard the phrase "don't light yourself on fire to keep others warm" but if you decide to kill yourself years and years ago, setting yourself ablaze seems the kindest thing you can do. But I don't pretend to be a good person or good human, I am selfish for wanting death. I am stupid for thinking no one could be adversely affected by it. I am ignorant for assuming everyone would understand my thought process. 

I know why I made them. To be a reciprocal of hate.

I know why I died, to alleviate my pain and to comfort those you leave behind.

I do not know what awaits me after death. I believe God will reunite me with my grandpa and we will both serves our Lord. But I acknowledge I may not be right. I may burn in hell forever. I may be stuck in the grave. There may be nothing. There may be rebirth. None of that scares me, dying doesn't scare me. The only thing that scares me is leaving pain with my friends and family. I want them to hate me, but maybe it's not about what I want. Maybe I'm just a selfish child.