Exam  (TW: Self Harm)
 

Hey guys,

I just wanted to get something off my chest using a throwaway, I've noticed a pattern and just hope letting it all out helps and see if anyone out there is going through the same thing.

Firstly, I have been  with Anxiety and  and I have recently been  with chronic illnesses, but I'm okay with it (not a cope) and I'm healthier and feel better. my  and anxiety used to be really bad but I matured and became mroe positive and accepting and it doesnt affect me, its something in the back of my mind.

I'm in College, and I noticed a pattern that usually happens during times of exams and midterms and heres what happens,

1. I cannot concentrate at all, It is VERY difficult to stay on task and I just have 0 motivation to do th e papers and exams It's not difficult for me at all If I were to sit down and do it I'd get it done and I'm actually good in school I just have average grades due to late marks or me doing it last minute
2. I stop showering for periods of time and I hate it, Theres just a feeling that stops me from stepping in the shower
3. I stop going to the gym, and when I do go to the gym It's hard to work out because all these thoughts are in my head and im distracted
4. Although I am stressed (more white hairs) I don't feel the stress well I do but the feeling is supressed but I feel the effects of my stress
5. I start to binge eat and waste a lot of money on UberEats and ordering junk food and in turn I gain a lot of weight
6. my sleep is terrible I sleep in the afternoon and day and I'm awake at night.
7. I become addicted to pornography and spend money on it, and I'll dive into stuff I don't typically have an interest in
8. I develop homosexual tendencies I am straight but I start watching gay porn and think about having sex with men, and this will go away after post nut clarity and I will become more .
9. I find a girl I talk to, obsess over and get into a relationship with and spend all my time talking to and no offense to the woman but they are typically woman who feed into my negativity and are terrible for me (just online dating mostly) (I havent done this in the last cycle or now) (I also feel really bad about this)
10. I get the urge to change something, shave my head, shave my beard, get a tattoo, dye my hair or even self scar myself
11. I want to self harm, but not in a common way I want to get into a fight with someone and I want them to beat me up, and if I do get suicidal tendencies it'll be in the case of me dying a heroic death sacrifising myself for the people I love.
12. I feel spirtually lost

These are usually periodic, I've gotten better which each cycle and after each cycle I'll go back to normal and healthy, I have a very supportive home and friends and I've started controlling my feelings more and supress most of these feelings knowing its only temporary