Guess I'm back here huh?
I want to tell myself that battling  is a journey. Not all days will be good, and if my  starts fucking up my head again I need to remind myself that the moment will pass...

It's kinda hard to believe in that when it hits though, right?

My insomnia has returned. 2 days of not a good rest is making the thoughts worse. I'm typing this at 2 AM. My head likes to focus on all of the stressors in life when all I want to do is sleep. I'm overthinking, again, and can't stop. So here I am screaming at the void. Just like I did before, when I was on my old medicine, and before I admitted myself to a mental hospital.

Idk if this lack of sleep is due to my new medicine not making me sleepy enough or because of my diatery habits. Too much sugar, maybe? Either way, I'll tell my  about it on the next appointment.

...I've overcome my thoughts of constantly wanting to die. In it's place I now ask myself 'Why do you want to die?' And I've been trying to change my thought process to that. Just this one change has made me feel genuine happiness at times, and it's such a great relief. It's like a fog lifting from a forest, which hasn't seen pure sunlight in years. Those moments are nice.

...But now, I'm confronted with a new issue.

I can't get over the self-hate. I can't get over how I think I'm never good enough. I guess on the really good days I'll feel comfy with who I am, but at this moment, I'm wracked with how much of a failure I am.

If I hate myself so much then how can I open my heart, to ever find an SO? Let alone a friend? I have 'friends' but I find it so hard to speak to them. I tried opening up to one but they haven't replied in the chat for over a week now.

I don't even know my sexual identity because I just never feel comfortable opening up to people outside my immediate family.

I watch my brother go hang out with his SO multiple times a week and I tell myself: 'Would I ever feel that drive, to want to spend time with someone that often?' There's so many things I'd like to experience but I'd feel awkward going out alone in public. My  did tell me that it's ok to enjoy stuff by myself but... I just don't feel comfortable. Maybe that's the anxiety. How counterintuitive is that though? I can't feel comfy around people but I don't feel comfy leaving the house alone to try new experiences 🤣 what a fucking joke I am.

My social anxiety is so bad that I refuse to pick up client calls for my work and just direct them to other people in my department. My boss keeps urging me to try, but maybe I should tell him I have  disorder so he'll leave me alone? I'm afraid if I do that they might deny me raises or cut my pay or something. Other than that issue I'm one of our departments most productive workers. I work on the same speed as people who have been here for 5 years + and I haven't reached my 1st work anniversary yet. Sometimes on heavy traffic days I might surpass the senior members. And it's all low effort for me...

I worry about so many things. What I've typed is a mere fraction of the shitshow my brain is throwing me right now.

I can't type every little thing so I'll stop here, and pray for a miracle that I can at least get a bit more than 4 hours of sleep.