I dont know anymore
Where do I even start. 

I have alot of underlining issues steaming from family abuse neglect and horrid parenting and on top of it all I'm sure I'm aspergers ADHD, Mild OCD and dyslexia(non of.this is confirmed but it would make alot of sense). It's been officially 9 years since I was FIRST  with  and honestly I've never felt worse or more lost than ever. I've got tremendous capabilities  and have had plenty of opportunities in life but nothing seems to stick I every 2 or so years burnout/break down and I dont realise it until I've shut down and each time am told chin up keep trying....

Its fucking ridiculous I feel like my problems are never heard or just so misunderstood due to my outward behavior(being so good at being "normal") I feel like I'm cursed the way i am to everyone else is completely different to how i am by myself or with the few select friends i have(total of 2) or people I'd call friends over aqatinces... 

I'm currently in a "safe" space or a place( I mean physically) that I'd call comfortable but my time is burning real thin now, and my financials are real real bad now... I've been seeking help for the past couple months and honestly I feel worse, the more people i tell about the details of my issues the worse my mental state gets plus I dont want the world to know about my horrid life.

I need some sort of guidance or something an actual break of sorts... cause I feel like my path is narrowing towards death, and its starting to sound appealing and I'm not being dramatic.

 Before anyone asks, yes I've done loads of exercise and have eaten right and the bluh bluh bluh I'm still here stuck not feeling better only worse :/ honestly I feel like I'm going to end up doing some sort of illegal shit to start surviving on top of my already full plate... 

Why did I write this, i myself dont know, more heads more answers?? This fight has been long and more painful 24 years of age as a Male is this all that life amounts to?

I dont know, suggestions?? Sympathy is obviously appreciated but please someone save me or something3ยฃ-&#&,=;รท