Getting  made things worse.
Sorry if this has a lot of rambling or errors I just have a lot on my mind, but I'm going to try to keep this kind of short. For some context, I was  with severe  and anxiety more than a month ago. I'm also a minor (16) so this was all done with my parents involved and they were the reason I started therapy and stuff. I was prescribed Prozac and have been taking it for the past three(ish) weeks. I haven't really noticed improvement and if anything it's made things worse but that's not important right now. Also it's probably too early to see real results from it. Anyways the thing that's really been bothering me is how people (specifically family) have started treating me after I got . I thought that getting  would make things better with my parents, and make them understand what I'm going through more, but it's made things worse. My parents are constantly using the fact that I'm mentally ill against me. They say things about how my "brain is fucked up" and I "can't make decisions for myself anymore" etc. They say that now I'm like a toddler who needs to be taken care of all the time and can't do things for myself. The only interactions I have with them anymore are arguments and yelling. Like we will have "big" arguments/fights almost every day. They blame everything wrong on me and how I'm . I'm also dealing with the side effects of taking Prozac which they know can happen, but they don't care and have no sympathy or anything. As for my other family members, they act like I'm going to kill myself at any moment. My mom told a lot of people in my family about it so now they all know. I honestly regret getting  and being honest with my physiatrist. I've had other things in my life be taken away from me (which I won't talk about now) and I barely have any freedom anymore. There's also a lot of other stuff happening in my life which is making everything worse. Things have only gotten worse in every way. The meds aren't working, my parents are worse now than before, and I just hate it. I thought this would help and make things better but it didn't. I thought my parents would be able to understand me more and why I act the way I do sometimes. I thought maybe this would help improve our relationship as it wasn't that good even before this. Yeah anyways at this point I just want to try and kill myself again, but I know if I failed they would send me to psych ward and I don't really want to deal with that lol. But idk I just hate being in this house. They barely let me see my friends anymore and they were my happy/safe place. I hate everything happening in my life rn and idrk what to do. I know the way my parents are being won't stop anytime soon and idk if I can deal with that right now. I just feel stuck in my life and I don't want to be here and deal with this shit.