I just joined the global top 0.1% in wealth/income, kinda by accident
I met my now wife during the pandemic, when lockdowns in my country were lifted for a brief period between the 1st and 2nd COVID waves. At the time she was a "migrant worker" from a country that my country would expect to be poorer, and the circumstance of how we met would have fit well on an expose of fetlife encounters. Nothing you'd want to share with the kids and parents that is.

Welp, turns out she is from a ridiculously well-to-do background; and I now having married her, never have to step in an office for another day in my life if I didnt want to. And I had no idea (edit: at first), because she lives like a regular jane, spending next to nothing on her appearance or experiences, & living in shared apartments in a basic part of the city. Everything is shored up in stocks and assets earning 7 figures in interest every year.

And though she barely spends a penny on herself, her love language is giving. Meaning she showers me daily with the types of food I could only afford occasionally before; clears my credit card for me each month and we'll be moving to a landed property and getting cars I only could dream about before. Soon, that is (once we settle opening accounts and transferring stuff here).

I write here because I dont know who to share this with. I CANT tell. My best friend knows, but I know its not a smart idea to tell others about what we have. Jealousy, fake friends, demands, etc. Strangely enough, my bff (a girl) is also on track to marry into a literal conglomerate family. Like beyond even my situation (she also kindof just fell into it unknowingly). They say you share a karmic journey with the friends you meet in life.

For now we are just living like normal, but soon things will change. Its all a lot to digest too because I went from an independent, working pleb who expected to be the main breadwinner into basically a trophy husband. Im pretty damn well educated and I feel a little sad that I dont use any of it now. We have plans for investments and travel and all for the future but for now Im just at home.