How do I stop putting more effort in friendships and family relationships than what I receive?
I’m gonna dig pretty deep into my life to give context to my thinking (and I’ll also ramble a lot). 

25M here. So the question at hand is something I’ve struggled for a while. I’ve been able to not give a fuck when it comes to randoms, I’m just plain nice to people I somewhat know. But with people I believe I’m close to is where I have the issue. I think I only have two close friends and my family is kinda broken. My parents died on different occasions growing up and the family I have left, including me, are all kinda emotionally stunted. Even my mom who was around the longest was not good at showing emotion/ being affectionate. My sister and I have each others backs but even then we don’t really talk about our own lives too much into detail. It feels weird if we do. But I try to show my careness into my actions. I feel my sister does reciprocate but she’s about the only one. When it comes to family’s parties/ birthday, I set it in stone to show up. Albeit I was pretty absent during my college years since I was incredibly busy, but that hasn’t been the case in years. But either way, I feel like I try to be around for any occasion but when it comes to me trying to get something going, nothing happens. An example was birthday that was 2 weeks ago. I invited most of my family who always get together (about 20 people) about a week a half in advance to get together for dinner. At the day of, only my sister and the aunt I lived with growing up were going. Everybody couldn’t but they had something else going on (concert, soccer game, didn’t feel like spending). Well luckily everybody’s plans fell through and had an impromptu bbq. I had lots of fun but kinda sucks knowing it only happened because essentially everybody didn’t anything better to do. 

This is things that constantly happen. This is why I’ve grown to hate my birthday. It’s not that different with my friends either. I have a friend (friend #1) who lives in town and I try to make plans with him frequently. I would like to think he would see me as his best friend as I see him but I just don’t think that’s the case. I had made plans and was gonna have friend #2 come down to hang out for next Saturday since he had the chance but friend #1 might blow us off since he could have a baseball game that day (he’s part of a random recreational baseball team that plays every Saturday). It honestly annoyed me and kinda hurt. It means a lot to me to hang out with them, especially when it’s all 3 of us. And I’ve expressed that and he says he’s sorry and he’ll do better but actions say other wise. So there’s clearly been a good amount of times that he cancelled plans because he’d rather go to the gym or nap etc. Idk if my frustration is justified either because maybe I’m just being super selfish and I don’t realize it. But with my both friends I try to plans things but they rarely invite/ make plans with me. I always have to initiate. And don’t even get me started on trying to plan a vacation. 

I’m perfectly fine with doing things by myself it’s just not as fun. I love being around people I care about and having a good time and creating memories. But this want is damaging I think and I don’t now how to pull back on all the effort I put in with the people around me. Idk if I just have really shitty luck in life or (more likely) I just don’t know how to navigate these things. I think the answers is pretty clear that I need to care a little bit less but I needed rant. I would also like to see others thoughts on this and maybe shed some light that maybe I’m just being a brat lol.