I'd like to build a better sense of community, but I don't know how yet.
I'm kind of awestruck at how cynical everyone has become, despite all the good.  People are great, and kindness is there.  But everyone's afraid of it.

It's like "stranger danger" is an innate reaction to anyone they don't know, and people trying to be friendly and helpful are by default viewed with suspicion and hostility.  "Is that someone trying to scam me?  Someone who might rob or kidnap me?" etc.

Everyone is afraid of each other.  Kids aren't allowed to play outside on their own, nobody dares hitchhike or accept a ride from a stranger, etc.  (Not to mention online influences like the toxic advice subreddits.)

Yet, in real life, I find that almost everyone is relatively polite, helpful, friendly, and good-natured (unless they're having a bad day of course), if/when you actually interact with them.

But up until and right at that point of interaction, both parties are assuming the worst of each other.  So instead, very often, people just don't interact or try to avoid others out of fear or whatever.

I'd like to try to help build a community where neighbors get to know each other, people help each other out (and aren't afraid of help), kids can play, and people can relax and not live in fear and cynicism as much.

The world is a whole lot safer and nicer now than it was when I was growing up, and seeing people become so much more cynical and isolated than they were then just feels wrong.  Sure there are some bad people out there, but the vast majority aren't.  And I'd like people to stop treating everyone like a bad guy presumed guilty by default.  So they can get to know and enjoy and support each other better.

I'm thinking of trying to start some stuff in my town like a weekly game night or a classic movie night at the theater.  Something to get people together and talking to each other and sharing.  So people feel more connected and comfortable around each other.

What do you think?  Have you seen the same thing?  Have you tried something to remedy it, or would you like to?  If your community did stuff like that, would you participate and would it maybe make you feel better?