Deeply Personal Conversations with Random Strangers
What is it that makes people so willing to freely divulge personal information to random strangers? Why is it that people will share more with someone they don't know than someone they know? I recently experienced the beauty of this phenomenon twice in two weeks. The first encounter was with an Uber driver, the second with a person on the bus.

For context, I’m 26M and I’ve recently found myself on a journey of self discovery. I’ve been thinking about myself and my past, uncovering dirty truths that I kept bottled away for many years, and learning to reconnect with my emotions. In short, I’m healing my past traumas, and transforming into a new person. I haven’t been seeing a therapist but I have someone else who is very supportive in my life that I think is working even better (love you!).

So, here I am at midnight calling an Uber to go home as I have work the next day. The driver (40M) shows up and I get in the car. It’s about a 15 minute drive, and the driver immediately sparks up a conversation. He calls me by my first name a couple times which shows his interest in engaging with me, so I accept the invitation and we start talking. He asked me about how things are going tonight, and I said, “things are turbulent”. Right away he starts talking about his own life, as if it was about to burst out of his chest and he was just waiting for the right person to come along who was willing to listen.

He told me about a health condition that prevents him from sleeping and causes him daily physical pain, which is why he spends his nights as an Uber driver. He told me about his relationship problems. He told me about the guilt he feels over the way he treated people in the past that were close to him. He told me about his child that died at the age of two. It was painful to listen to. I could tell that he was in a lot of pain, and there was nothing I could do except listen and validate his feelings. Perhaps that’s all he wanted. “Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.”

I decided to share my story as well, in short form as we didn’t have much time. I described feeling lost in the world, not knowing who I am or what I want. I explained I didn’t love myself and that I didn’t feel worthy. I explained I felt very ill equipped to deal with all of these new emotions I was feeling that I had previously repressed. These are topics I wouldn’t share even with my own parents… and yet here I am telling a random stranger about my deepest insecurities. But somehow it felt safe. That’s the word I would use…. safe. It felt safe to share because I knew there was nothing he could do with that information to hurt me. There was no baggage between us, no history, and so the dynamic of the conversation was one of brutal honesty.

As we were approaching our destination, I asked my driver one final question: “I feel so overwhelmed. What do I do now? Where do I start?”

He gave me one piece of advice that I’m never going to forget: “Start with one thing. JUST ONE THING! And see it through to the end.”

And that’s been my approach to life ever since. To take it one step at a time, and to deeply explore each individual problem as it comes so that I can gain as many insights as possible about the situation/feeling/whatever it is. How can you ever hope to make a meaningful and lasting change if you don’t understand the thing you’re changing?

The Uber driver gave me his number and just a few days ago I texted him to say hi. We agreed we would go for a coffee sometime… but only when it feels right, which could be months down the road, could be years, I don't know.

There was another encounter with a second person on a bus about a week later. But this post is getting long so I think I will save it for another time. But it was a similar situation, except it was only the other person sharing, and I sat silent and just listened. But the information he shared was just as personal.

Thanks for reading :)