Am I a brown-noser or is it work envy/jealousy?
I am an extrovert, through and through. I love people, a lot. Genuinely I do. I admire people for many different things as well and I do tend to compliment people, with genuine compliments, regularly because I like to see the smile on people's faces.

I started this new job almost a year and a half ago. I'm naturally pretty good at what I do, things make sense, things click. So, my boss has assigned me new things and allowed me to take on tasks. I actually like my boss, I think she's good at her job and very good at being diplomatic. She notified us a month ago that she's retiring (2 months from then). It was then found out that I'll be taking over some of the roles she was doing, new processes that are new to the entire team. 

Today, a co-worker asked me to look at something with her so I went to her desk to look it over. She had her teams messenger up on the other screen and on it, a conversation with a supervisor (not my supervisor, but there's only 2 supervisors at our small office). In this conversation they were talking about how I'm a brown noser, I've been dressing up a lot lately and they wonder what that's all about (we have a business casual code,I literally wore jeans with a sport coat yesterday and today I wore black slacks with a business style shirt. I'm horrible at fashion so I'm honestly kind of excited when an outfit looks nice), how I think I'm special because I'm doing some of "the big man's" work, and how she's frustrated that I got the assignment and she wasn't considered.

I know, I shouldn't have even read it but saw my name and it was right there on the screen for 15 minutes before she realized it and minimized it.

Honestly, had this conversation been between two co-workers,I wouldn't have cared so much. But, it was between a co-worker and someone who is supposed to be my superior. That irritates me because I do want to grow in my career and I do not want something like this affecting that.

So, I do not think I'm a brown noser, I do not ever go out of my way for anyone specifically at work. I'll help out when asked, regardless of who it is. But maybe I am? How do I know? 

And, if you were in my shoes, what would you do? Currently I don't intend to do anything other than keep that conversation in mind. 

TLDR: How do I tell if I'm a brown noser and what would you do if you caught a co-worker and supervisor gossiping negatively about you?