Being attractive is NOT always a superpower.
I saw [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/13h4hs3/i_feel_being_attractive_is_a_superpower/) yesterday and while I do agree to some degree, I felt like I should write this because life's too short for people to be feeling bad about themselves.

There's no way to not write this without sounding conceited but hopefully I can somehow manage it XD Looks are entirely up to luck, it's literally a matter of whether you won the gene pool lottery. Now, I played football in HS and always worked out because it was and still is an outlet for me. Something I can use to escape my everyday stress, anxiety and worries. I've always been considered "attractive" I guess but never really cared or even thought so myself as genes are just pure luck. So I guess people consider me conventionally "attractive". But I would never call this a super power. I mean does it help with getting to know people and how they act around you? Sure. Can it also ruin some relationships and/or interactions for you? Definitely.

When I got together with my first serious gf in HS I had to seriously chase her because she later told me she thought "I was playing a prank on her or had some sort of bet" that's when I thought she'd automatically though I was a douche bag just because I looked the way I do. As years went by I went on a bunch of dates or had an unsettling amount of people (not just dates but random people too) automatically assume I am a douche or arrogant because of my looks only to blatantly tell me to my face "oh, you're also nice/funny/charming/-insert whatever compliment here -?" or something of that nature, after they'd talk to me. With genuine surprise in their voice too. A girl I recently went on a first (and last) date with straight up told me "Oh, wow no offense but I just thought you were a gym bro himbo" after I told her that I'd studied law but ended up becoming a personal trainer because working out has helped me out a lot and I love helping people too. I've been called all sorts of weird things based solely on my looks. Things that people think are ok to say because they pair it with a "compliment" that's more like "oh so you're not as dumb as you look".

My point is, people make awful assumptions about you one way or the other it's just that we always think that the grass is greener on the other side. It isn't tho, each lawn has its pros and cons but both need to be taken care of by us and even if looks can get you through the door with another person, it is only your personality that will make the other person want to invite you in and keep you in this figurative house :P :) Be confident, comfortable and happy about who you are and people will   
treat you nicely no matter what :)