post_245.txt:
Regular, everyday household chores just seem to be so overwhelming
I find every little chore bothersome. Maybe I’m just lazy but I think I just loathe any kind of manual labour. Hell I haven’t even unpacked everything in our new place since moving in mid July. And there’s still stuff in storage that we need to move over and unpack. It doesn’t help that I feel like I’m doing this all by myself. I am responsible for basically all of the cooking (the only manual labour I somewhat enjoy), 90% of the cleaning, 90% of laundry, 70% taking care of the dog and most of the unpacking. I keep getting pressured by my in-laws to hurry up and move the stuff we have stored in their place in space they don’t use. I just feel all the pressure and it’s too much and none of it gets done and I fail in one of the most basic requirements to be a functioning human. I’m sure if I just had enough money I could just pay someone else to do it and thus, like most of my problems, more money is the answer

--------------------------------------
post_219.txt:
The universe is unfair and you cannot blame others for it
I have been diagnosed MDD for over a decade. I'm sure if I was 100% honest I'd have more labels to tack on. I think many wish they could scapegoat their problems onto others or their own inadequacies.
I have friends, good friends at that.
I have relationships, some may not have lasted but they have all been good more than bad.
I have family that isn't bad,ost are callous to others problems, but it doesn't mean they're bad, just selfish. Selfishness leads to evil, but in low concentration it can be tolerable.
I have food and shelter, which unfortunately cannot be said for a large portion of people in the world.
So why is it I'm unable to feel happy? Why is it the only time I feel someone relieved is when people are happy? Imagine it's like a big plate in the middle of the table with the most succulent food on it. And everyone around you is tearing into it, enjoying themselves, laughing, and living. And you're there staring at it with zero appetite?
What has to break in the mind for us to no longer process that hunger? I don't blame anyone for my minds own failings. I don't want revenge on anyone who may have wronged me. Even the people I deemed 'evil' in my youth I pray for forgiveness and happiness. I would not want anyone to suffer through that mindset every day of their life. The universe is not fair and never claimed it to be. Fairness is a human concept. The best broken people can hope is to give hope to those who haven't lost it yet.

--------------------------------------
post_248.txt:
Sometimes I wonder if when I’m depressed if I’m actually at my truest self
This pretty much stems from since I was diagnosed with persistent depressive disorder and was basically told that in my case it’s a personality disorder so depression is my personality. Thus I wonder if I’m only truly my natural self when I’m depressed.

--------------------------------------
post_222.txt:
How do you guys deal with things you're not proud of doing?
At times I've gotten a bit psychotic. Said plenty of things to people that are close to me. Done stupid crap. I'm left with tremendous anxiety thinking about it all and then the cycle repeats, pick up a bottle to numb the thoughts and memories.... Like how do you deal with making an absolute ass of yourself...

--------------------------------------
post_242.txt:
[7 month diagnosis follow up] i’m quite possibly in the best physical shape of my life, still need to work on mental shape just a little bit.
in-person school is back and in full swing, the sun is out, gyms are open, no s/h or excessive alcohol in 4+ months, pretty awesome stuff. i got recommended to a job by a very good friend of mine so i’m basically guaranteed a spot if i apply, which means i would finally have a decent source of income. so far, so good! (thumbs up emoji x2)

--------------------------------------
post_175.txt:
acceptance
at this point, i don't care about changing anymore. lets be real though. was i ever going to try any way? nah. whenever a problem occurs in my life, i either handle the situation like a pussy or i just avoid the situation all together. and plus, changing requires motivation and hope to do so, but i hardly have any of those two. be honest, do you really think a person with this mind set can change?

--------------------------------------
post_118.txt:
Q: Should I share my depression diagnosis with my boss?
Hi,

So, I still pick up some shifts. When lockdown is over in my country I am supposed to go back to work more frequently, and I am actually looking forward to do so to have more structure in my life. I'm having difficulty deciding whether to share that I have depression with my boss. She's going to ask me how I am which makes me wonder if I should bring it up. I am not sure whether telling her is a good idea. It might be nice to have her know in case something happens which prevents me from coming to work. On the other hand, it feels very personal and almost unprofessional to do so. Any people have some experience with this they would like share?

Thanks for reading and take care.

--------------------------------------
post_57.txt:
not feeling anything at all
I am 21 years old and have been diagnosed with depression. 

I never had any bad moments in my life that could have caused it. The most common symptoms of depression are sadness, crying, not sleeping, and worrying. 

But in my case, I don't feel anything and I sleep like a baby. I went to the doctor because I was not feeling love, joy, laughter, sadness, connection with people around me, and emptiness. However, I ended up being diagnosed with depression. 

  
I would love to hear from your experience and if it's a common occurrence in depression.

--------------------------------------
post_236.txt:
did a presentation in front of my whole class and for the first time in my life my anxiety was somewhat under control!
I've struggled with social anxiety as long as I can remember. I'd get *so* sweaty and would turn beet red and start shaking trying to do presentations. Or just start crying in the middle lmao. I was put on a high dose of Zoloft after I admitted to a treatment center over the summer, and idk how much it's helped with my depression but I feel likes it's helped with my SAD. I don't have to take prn before presentations or whatnot, the Zoloft is even to control my anxiety and keep the physical symptoms under control. It does come with some side effects though so I guess you just have to find the right dose. 

But I did the presentation for my Spanish class yesterday and it wasn't that bad! I kinda stumbled and had a brain fart but at least I didn't turn into a tomato. And I'm worried my partner hates me because I am not a great presenter but whatever.. Not bad for a presentation in another language! My Spanish teacher said I did good so hopefully I get a good score (but ofc I'm anxious about my score....) bc I don't wanna retake. 

Just felt like sharing :)

--------------------------------------
post_147.txt:
When I sit down to do work/study my anxiety and depression gets 10 times worse. But after 5 minutes it goes away. Why?
Anyone else? It seems like my demons scream in my ears and bring up every ugly emotions. Then after 5 min they give up and it gets easier.



Why?

--------------------------------------
post_205.txt:
Any time I wake up in the middle of the night, my first thought is, “You’re going to die someday.” Anyone else experience that?
Just turned 40, family man, been doing a lot of reflecting on my current career (teacher) and whether or not I should stay, how staying/leaving could impact the aforementioned family, and how best to proceed from here.


With that said, I’ve been doing a lot of tossing and turning in the last 12-18 months. More often than not, when I wake up in the middle of the night, the first thing that comes to mind is that I’m going to die someday, possibly sooner than I think. Not sure how best to process that (I’m thinking it has to do with the uncertainty in my life right now), but I’d love to get to a place where I wake up at 2 or 3 am and say, “Wow. It’s so early. Back to bed.” I’d much rather that than waking up at those times and immediately thinking about my eventual death.

--------------------------------------
post_176.txt:
Bad days
I don’t want to get bullied anymore. When I do get bullied, I never defend myself because I don’t know how. I was supposed to be in school about a week ago but I’m just skipping and isolating myself so no one hurts me. Today my family made me get a fucked up hair cut and it’s definitely not going to help the bullying at all. Fuck my barber and fuck school.

--------------------------------------
post_163.txt:
I just got diagnosed and it feels surreal...
I've (21 F) always felt depressed and I kinda always thought I was but it feels so surreal when I was legitimately diagnosed. I only realized this year that constantly wanting to die, fantasizing about my suicide, and laying in bed just staring at the ceiling at 8 am when I have a class at 8 am isn't normal.... I've lived my life dragging my feet for pretty much my whole life that this is what's normal to me. To be honest, I feel like a weak ass bitch. I feel like I have no right to feel this way because my parents provided me with everything (albeit they weren't very good parents). Does your diagnosis feel surreal as well?

--------------------------------------
post_74.txt:
I got spanked as a child
 I want to let this out. Ever since I was a child, I got traumatized by my childhood days. I was a terrible child back then because of my jealousy and people bullying me for my looks. I stole something in school and it was a thing my classmate owned. It happened that my classmates told it to my parents and my dad spanked me afterwards and I tried to tell them what happened but they said that I dont have manners and your answering me back. I cried loudly and they tempted me to quiet down because neighbors will hear my crying. It traumatized me the spanking and when my parents calmed down they said that they did it because they love me like wtf?? here your daughter developed a mental illness and was diagnosed with major depressive disorder due to traumatic experiences. Yes I fucking deserve to be hit by my parents its my fault and I regretted it

it sucks that physical punishment traumatized me the most and also the bullying

--------------------------------------
post_241.txt:
i have not had any alcohol in two weeks and i haven’t cut in nearly two months :)
i just got back from taking my pup to the dog park and life is just good right now.

--------------------------------------
post_234.txt:
anyone else anxious about being underdressed (rather than overdressed)?
I feel like most with SA are anxious about wearing nice clothes or different clothes bc it might attract attention, but for me wearing casual clothes makes me more anxious. Even when I was doing online school and basically nobody saw me except my family and my dog, I wore jeans practically every day, which was pretty uncomfortable ngl bc tight or stiff pants just bother me. Like I have worn sweats outside the house maybe once in the past 10 years bc I don't want people to judge me for wearing something different than my usual or thinking Im a slob lol. Even if wearing nice clothes is not appropriate for the situation (like painting or smth) I'm too anxious to wear not-nice clothing. Except another part of me is worried about looking like a try-hard for wearing nice clothes all the time when everyone else around me is dressed casually. 

Just in general I've always been anxious about clothes. As a kid I would only wear leggings bc everything else would make me anxious. No jeans, no shorts; doesn't matter the weather. Also wearing shoes with laces would make me anxious bc I was so used to wearing velcro (thankfully I have gotten over that lol) I think k the common theme here is wearing something out of the norm for me is what makes me anxious. Anyone else like this?

--------------------------------------
