post_615.txt:
My inner monologue is pissed off and I don't know why
Over the last year it seems like my inner voice has become much more negative and outwardly pissed off towards others. I used to be really positive and accepting and wanting to help other people and now someone looks at me the wrong way and I want to lash out at them. My inner voice swears a lot now, it sees everything in a negative viewpoint and has become quite aggressive. I wish it would stop, more importantly I don't know when or why it started, it's just getting worse over time. It's making me feel like an awful negative aggressive person, even if I keep it all inside and don't say any of these things out loud. I don't want to become a grumpy cynical person who thinks negative of every thing and situation. It really isn't who I feel I am and do not want to keep going like this but I don't know what to do to honestly change.

--------------------------------------
post_285.txt:
Had a consultation with a therapist today!
I’ve had experience with a psychiatrist before, about 2 years back..except I didn’t know that there was a difference. It may not be the case for everyone, but it seemed like my psychiatrist didn’t give a single shit LMAO. Is that just how they are? “Sorrows..sorrows, prayers..now here’s some meds.” It was terrible! Even just *one week* on the meds, I knew it wasn’t a good fit for me. Not to mention just how invalidating it felt overall. It took me until today to actually get motivation back to continue to seek help. 

Anyway, hoping all goes well with my insurance because I really like the therapist. She was already so validating and we haven’t even gotten into the deep shit lmao. I struggle with (or as she said mentioned it today, am *paralyzed*) by my anxiety so it feels really fucking good to feel like you’ve found something that just might finally work.

--------------------------------------
post_236.txt:
How do you ever get over being bullied in school
Its been a long time since I(20f) left school but suddenly last few days I have been getting flashbacks to the time I was bullied at school and every time I think about how much I endured I start tearing up. Which is strange because last 3 years I barely cared to remember any of this but rn it has been affecting me alot. Worst thing was I was bullied by the kids for no reason and the teachers too were very harsh and rude when I did bad on my exams. I was always left out from everything and unfortunately I never had the courage to voice out for myself to anyone. I wish I could erase these memories from my brain

--------------------------------------
post_486.txt:
I feel like my brain freezes for a few seconds
I occasionally and randomly feel like my brain freezes for a few seconds and it scares me because when I feel like that, I feel like I'm stuck in a state but it doesn't last and I'm fully aware of it  
it can happen to me once a week or more or less  
It also happens to me at certain moments to feel suddenly the sensation of not having confidence in myself anymore, for example just now when I was playing a video game, suddenly I lost confidence in me in one second for no reason and it was a strange state, I wondered why I was doing that and I had the impression to be like in a dissociated state but not totally  
What do you think about it?  
(I am 23 years old)

--------------------------------------
