Why does he have these strange habits? Did you meet anybody who did stuff like this?
My boyfriend has 3 pairs of the same pants that he wears every day. They're just plain black pants. He also has 3 pairs of the exact same shoes. When I asked him about them, he said "I just like them, so I bought pairs so I always have some even if they're in the wash basket". Ok, fine.

But then he does things like put ice cubes in his food. He says "When the food is too hot to eat I put them in to cool it down, just like drinks". I've seen him put them in mashed potato, soup, coffee, and I've seen him put ice cubes in a small plastic bag and place it on top of pizza. Nobody else does that, right?

Speaking of food, he eats a shitload of lettuce. He will just pick a leaf off and crunch on it, 3-5 times a day.

When he is sick, he sleeps in the bathtub. I guess this is a comfort thing which I can understand, but it's still a bit odd.

He owns a slingshot and **keeps it in his pocket**, and sets up targets around his house. When he's walking about, he pulls out his slingshot randomly and spins and fires, hitting the target. He has very good accuracy, but why in the house? The little metal balls that he fires end up on the floor and hurt like a bitch if you stand on them, they're everywhere.

His mail comes through in many different names, he says it's for privacy. "When I sign up to places I give a fake name so if I get junk mail, I know who did it". But he doesn't write any of the names down, so he can't remember which names relate to which companies, completely defeating the purpose! And when spam callers ring, he will derail the conversation and try to talk to them about their life.

Every time there's a thunderstorm, he runs outside into the rain to spectate, regardless of what he is wearing.

I feel like these would be red flags, but the guy is charming and I love his quirks.

Do you know anybody with weird habits?

Edit: Sorry for not responding. Mods removed my post and it took them 12 hours to reinstate it, so I was asleep and couldn't respond.