I'm 22 and graduating this May
Honestly, I'm just tired. I feel burnt out and so much pressure. I'm also very excited and nervous because I know my life will be changing quite drastically, but on top of that I will have to heal a broken heart. I knew being an adult was not going to be easy, but not in the ways I expected. It's hard to plan after college, I may just cry the next time someone asks what I'm doing after college, and where I'm moving to. It's hard to know, I have goals I'm going to go for, but I know in the end I'll never know where life will take me, so I don't want to be set in my ways. 

I'm graduating with a graphic design degree, which I'm excited to be doing something in the digital art world. I just wish I knew what to expect in the working world, because I know it's different than college. I'm scared of being stuck in my hometown for awhile after college. I'm pretty sure I have imposter syndrome which isn't helping anything. 

I'm going in a big trip in June which I'm VERY excited for, and I have a hard time admitting this but I feel like I deserve it after how hard I've worked and I deserve a break. Also I don't know how much this will mess with job searches. It's just really intimidating not having the comfort of school anymore and I'm so freaked out with how fast time is going and I can't find any way to slow it down. 

At the end of the day I keep telling myself that the rest of this year I will have a lot of growth, getting over fears, and I'm going to figure out a lot about myself, and I can't wait to take all of my fears head on. 

For now, I hope this summer I'll keep my part-time job and just get paid to do murals around my city for a bit while I get my shit together. Hopefully I can create more design work, and keep making my portfolios better. 

Just to point out, I am very thankful for all of my opportunities I have and I am not taking anything for granted, but I want to make the people who helped me get here proud. I'm just not handling this well at all. 

I just needed to get some of this off of my chest, I also wanted to hear about your lives after school and the unexpected directions life took you.