I Think I'm Weird...
I am officially thinking of myself as a weirdo. Because when I listen to music (mostly the melody "origins" by ninja tracks- highly suggest listening to it) I imagine beautiful things.

I imagine writing a meaningful story, with beautiful music to tell it. I feel so weird because when I do write and publish on online sights I get so insecure and worried about what I wrote, because feeling as though no one would like it or feel it in the way I'm trying to convey it in.

I get so emotional and my heart just warms up inside when I listen to this type of music. I can't really stand modern music anymore. They all sing about the same thing and I need to listen to something I can actually feel in the music rather than just empty beats.

My biggest dream, the one thing I would die for, is to create. To write. Show how creative I am and that I can feel. And by create I don't mean anything like building or to invent. 

I wish I could draw really well and animate things in such an emotional way... But all I can do is sit and imagine it. And when I realize or think I probably wouldn't ever even be what I want or that no one would feel it like I do... I get really freaking sad. 

All I want is to write something beautiful for the world to see, without a single penny. I don't want money for it, I just want people to see it or read it and connect to it, and it'll leave marks on you type of stuff. Cause I know when I'm reading or watching something (like attack on Titan fvking love that anime by the way) and it's just a masterpiec

Then I remember I'm a brown skinned woman and all of us are expected to walk around with long weave and long nails and lashes which is cute for them , but I don't want to be like them. I want to live a meaningful life. I don't want anything ghetto or rachet. Sorry to sound so vulgar but let's be honest. 

I wish I could make something as beautiful and meaningful as attack on Titan , avatar the movie , avatar: the last air bender... I wish I could.

Well... If there is any advice to just live my dream or if I should just give up bc I'm not good enough, let me know.

Also wrote a fanfiction little story based on my favorite anime characters called Normal human beings on Wattpad... Just wanted to share that.

One more thing; this kind of style is my style... Like the grungeness and the tears and the dark eyes... Idk I'm just weird lol.

Pictures were drawn by me.