after renting a home and having to take care of it, a condo seems more appealing then it was 3 years ago
Heyy Reddit

I've been renting a house for about 3 years now, since 2020. I am a single parent, and have to take care of basically everything like yard  matience and gutter cleaning. 

I lived in houses my whole life, I never lived in an apartment until I got my first place at 20. This is not because my parents are rich, but because there are not really any apartments in rural Canada in the 1990s. Many time I've herd discussions about how terrible condos and apartments are for sharing walls/spaces. When I was 20 I moved into a city and was pumped to be in an apartment.

Life moved on and I became a parent, and at 26 in 2020 while the housing market skyrocketed I found a house in the county at a cheaper rent then my apartment. My apartment did not have a balcony or any outside space. I went from that to a 3 bedroom house with a fenced in yard. I got an electric lawnmower and figured I'd have a blast. It was awesome with covid to take my kid out without having to be sharing space with strangers.

Taking care of a house is so much work. This house is older and not insulated well and all utilities are insane. Cleaning gutters is worse then you think. Having a garden or doing lawn maintenance is physical work, and hard. electric problems, door locking problems, we had an ice storm and trees went down in the back yard and that was all on me to clean. I moved at early covid so no painting or anything outside of emergency services was done to the house before I moved in, and just recently in 2023 had the landlord come in to check the smoke alarms and c02 dectors, and apparently I have no c02 dector. I thought that one of our smoke alarms was a c02 as well. Did they give me one? No. Apparently it is up to me to purchase one, and I was in this house with my child without one for years. In any apartment I've rented men would physically come into my apartment to check the alarms.

Home rental is very hard, I'm sure home ownership is so much harder. I am going to move back into an apartment in the summer. Idk if I will ever be able to buy anything, but if I do, I will be looking at condos and not houses.