F1 Fans of Reddit, what do you think of the reddit F1 scene?
I am currently taking a performance studies course and am to do some field research as a part of it. Any of your answers to the questions below may be quoted indirectly. My topic is on the F1 Reddit community and how the subreddit r/formula1 may shape the way that fans interact with both in person races and streamed events. Below are some of the questions I am looking for answers on, if anyone can contribute it'd be appreciated!

	1	Why do F1 fans tend to flock to Reddit opposed to other platforms?
	2	What kind of information is shown in the televised event (pre-show, qualifying, race, interviews) and what can you learn about the drivers from only this perspective? Do you have more power as a spectator at a race live? Less constrained by producers’ choices and sometimes untrue narratives e.g., Carlos Sainz getting no camera time
	3	What knowledge do you gain from the subreddits? How does this information affect the way you watch F1 races, if at all?
	4	What are the unnamed rules of the subreddits, what is not allowed to be talked about? (other than the obvious, racism, unkind behaviour)
	5	When do you check the subreddits, what type of mood are you in when you check them, do you check them more often pre, post, or during a race?
	6	What are the conflicts other than driver vs. driver or team vs. team? What divides F1 fans on reddit?
	7	How do flairs affect the subreddits, what would happen if they were taken away?
	8	How can you tell if someone is a “real” fan on Reddit, what singles you out, and how do you think remaining anonymous affects everything and who has the most credibility?
	9	Is the conversation to be had on the subreddits deep and meaningful?
	10	Ok last one, How does Reddit shape fan relationships and interactions at live events? Is there a certain slang you've adopted, things you know are of sore topic to speak about, a controversy to discuss that weekend, where the best grandstands are at to sit, what's worth your money, who to watch that weekend, etc.?